### **Capítulo 1: Intro**

0:00  
In 2018, while enjoying a vacation with my wife,  I sent an email to my 5 ,000 email subscribers    
0:05  
5 segundos  
promoting a 25 % discount on a premium WordPress  tool and it earned me $38 ,100 in affiliate    
0:11  
11 segundos  
commissions. In 2020, I launched an affiliate  marketing course and made $7 ,000 in sales within    
0:17  
17 segundos  
24 hours after sending a promotion email to my  email list. That's the true power of an email   list. Do you have a webshop and do you want to  increase the revenue of your webshop? If that's    
0:25  
25 segundos  
the case, you're at the right place. My name is  Ferdy, and let me show you right now what we're   going to cover in this tutorial. We're going to  use the free tool called OmniSend to create opt    
0:33  
33 segundos  
\-in forms on your website to gather subscribers.  These forms can pop up after a few seconds or when   visiting a specific page, after scrolling, or  when people tend to leave your website. Besides    
0:44  
44 segundos  
pop \-ups, you can also create fly \-ins, landing  pages, and embed the forms in your website. You    
0:49  
49 segundos  
will learn how to create automated workflows like  sending an email, waiting a few days, then sending   a text message or a push notification. You can  also use a split function in workflows. What    
0:58  
58 segundos  
does it mean? You can create rules like if any  person clicked on the URL, in the welcome email,    
1:05  
1 minuto e 5 segundos  
then they seem to be interested in the discount,  then they get this email talking about 10 %   discount. But if people have not clicked on a  link in your welcome email, then they get an    
1:14  
1 minuto e 14 segundos  
email talking about 15 % discount. Why? They're  probably not interested in the discount because   they didn't click. So in order not to lose them,  I offer them something better. And this does not    
1:24  
1 minuto e 24 segundos  
only work with click on any URL in a certain email  rules. You can work with a lot of rules over here,   and this is a great way to increase the sales  and revenue on your website. What else? You    
1:34  
1 minuto e 34 segundos  
will learn how to send emails, text messages, or  push notifications to your entire subscriber list,   or targeted groups based on their interest  and activity or inactivity. These groups,    
1:43  
1 minuto e 43 segundos  
also known as segments, can be created based on  specific filters that you set up once, such as   recent purchases, inactivity, or spending over a  certain amount on your website. And in that way,    
1:53  
1 minuto e 53 segundos  
by creating segments, people will automatically  get the right messages based on their behavior or   inactivity on your website. And of course, we're  going to make use of AI, we're going to make our    
2:03  
2 minutos e 3 segundos  
text better and we can use AI to create segments  for us, which will make it a lot easier. And last    
2:10  
2 minutos e 10 segundos  
but not least, we'll use A \-B testing to increase  the conversion ratio on your website. And in the   overview of OmniSend, you see the total revenue  of your website and how much was generated by    
2:20  
2 minutos e 20 segundos  
campaigns and automations from OmniSend. And that  shows how much OmniSend can make a difference for    
2:26  
2 minutos e 26 segundos  
your webshop. If you follow all the steps in this  tutorial, there's a big chance you will increase   the revenue of your webshop. Congratulations  with that. But first, let's talk about two    
2:37  
2 minutos e 37 segundos  
practical things in order to watch the video best  way possible. In the description of this tutorial,   I have timestamps, so if you want to go to a  specific part in the tutorial, you can click on    
2:46  
2 minutos e 46 segundos  
the timestamp and you go directly to that part of  the tutorial. When I go too fast for you, you can    
2:51  
2 minutos e 51 segundos  
go to the settings here at YouTube, go to playback  speed and slow down the speed of the tutorial. And    
2:58  
2 minutos e 58 segundos  
if you want to go back a few seconds in the video,  just hit the left arrow on your keyboard and you   will go back five seconds in the video. The first  thing you will need is an OmniSent account and  

### **Capítulo 2: Get An Omnisend Account**

3:06  
3 minutos e 6 segundos  
I will show you how to get it for free, but  don't tell anyone because it actually costs a   lot of money. No, that's not true. It's completely  free. You can upgrade later, but in this tutorial,    
3:15  
3 minutos e 15 segundos  
I will mainly talk about the free features in  OmniSend and there are a lot. So let me show you   how to get the free version of OmniSend. If you're  seeing this introduction, that means that there's    
3:25  
3 minutos e 25 segundos  
still a Black Friday deal going on at OmniSend.  OmniSend is an email marketing tool for Shopify,   WooCommerce, and SureCard. And in this tutorial,  I'll show you how to work with the free version.    
3:33  
3 minutos e 33 segundos  
I'll also show what is possible with the pro  version. Right now, there's a Black Friday   deal going on. If you want to see what they offer,  you can go to ferdy . com forward slash OmniSend,    
3:42  
3 minutos e 42 segundos  
hit enter, click over here to go to the Black  Friday deal, learn more. And here you can see what    
3:48  
3 minutos e 48 segundos  
they offer 30 % off for the first three months.  So if you're seeing this introduction, you can   still make use of the deals. If you already have  an email list, you want to migrate your current    
3:58  
3 minutos e 58 segundos  
email list towards OmniSend. I have a tutorial  about that. You can go to ferdy . com, hit enter,    
4:03  
4 minutos e 3 segundos  
click on the search icon, search for OmniSend, hit  enter, click over here, first result, then scroll    
4:11  
4 minutos e 11 segundos  
down. There you see the tutorial migrate towards  OmniSend or you can let do OmniSend the migration    
4:17  
4 minutos e 17 segundos  
for you. So you can sign up for a free OmniSend  account, go to the chat and ask them for help   with the migration and they will do it for you. So  if you want to migrate or you want to start from    
4:26  
4 minutos e 26 segundos  
scratch, let me show you how to get a free account  at OmniSend. In order to get a free account at    
4:31  
4 minutos e 31 segundos  
OmniSend, we go to a new tab. We go to ferdy  . com forward slash OmniSend, hit enter. allow    
4:42  
4 minutos e 42 segundos  
everything. And it says over here, you can start  for free or over here. I click over here and then    
4:47  
4 minutos e 47 segundos  
we can sign up with Shopify, Google, or email. I  want to sign up with email. So I click over here.    
4:54  
4 minutos e 54 segundos  
And my business email is info at Euro PN war drove  . com. Let me see if I wrote that correct European    
5:04  
5 minutos e 4 segundos  
wardrobe . com. I need to create a password. And  my business is e \-commerce. I select that. If    
5:10  
5 minutos e 10 segundos  
it's not just select e \-commerce, I agree with the  terms of use. And if you want, you can be signed    
5:16  
5 minutos e 16 segundos  
up. for marketing newsletters about the products.  It's up to you. I do it. I click on sign up. Now    
5:23  
5 minutos e 23 segundos  
it says you've got mail. I need to go to my email  account to confirm my account. So here it is,  

### **Capítulo 3: Connect Your eCommerce Website With Omnisend**

5:29  
5 minutos e 29 segundos  
complete your registration. And then over here, I  click on verify email address. Awesome. Now I need    
5:36  
5 minutos e 36 segundos  
to fit in some more information. So my first name,  my last name, my store's name, European wardrobe,    
5:46  
5 minutos e 46 segundos  
my website, HTTPS, European wardrobe .com.  com. Which platform are you currently using    
5:54  
5 minutos e 54 segundos  
for your store? Well, I use WooCommerce. If  you choose something and use something else,   you can choose over here or you say none. I say  WooCommerce, which email marketing automation    
6:05  
6 minutos e 5 segundos  
software are you currently using? If you have  something, you can select it over here or other,    
6:10  
6 minutos e 10 segundos  
or if you don't have anything, say none. I click  on continue. Then I need to finish some details.    
6:18  
6 minutos e 18 segundos  
If you don't have a business address, just use  your own address. My time zone is from Amsterdam,    
6:24  
6 minutos e 24 segundos  
so I click on continue to OmniSend. Setting up  your account, this could take a moment and there    
6:31  
6 minutos e 31 segundos  
we are. Now we need to connect our OmniSend  account with our SureCard webshop. You can    
6:36  
6 minutos e 36 segundos  
use OmniSend with WooCommerce, with Shopify  and with SureCard. In this tutorial, I want    
6:41  
6 minutos e 41 segundos  
to focus on SureCard. If you want to follow along  with WooCommerce, you can watch Let me see this    
6:48  
6 minutos e 48 segundos  
video. If you want to follow along with Shopify,  how to connect your Shopify shop with OmniSend,    
6:54  
6 minutos e 54 segundos  
then watch another tutorial on YouTube. After  that, you can come back because 98 % of this    
6:59  
6 minutos e 59 segundos  
tutorial is about OmniSend and a small portion is  about Shopify, SureCard or WooCommerce. So you can    
7:06  
7 minutos e 6 segundos  
come back later and then learn the best things  there are to learn about OmniSend. Now let me   show you how to connect your OmniSend account with  SureCard. In order to connect our OmniSend account    
7:17  
7 minutos e 17 segundos  
with our SureCard webshop, I click here on connect  your store, then we Shopify, Wix, WooCommerce and    
7:22  
7 minutos e 22 segundos  
they keep the best for last. I'm kidding, it's in  random order. We need to select SureCard. First,    
7:30  
7 minutos e 30 segundos  
we need to install two plugins. By the way, if  you want to learn how to create a webshop using    
7:37  
7 minutos e 37 segundos  
SureCard, go to ferdy . com, click on the search  icon and search for SureCard. Hit enter, create an    
7:43  
7 minutos e 43 segundos  
e \-commerce website with SureCard. there you go.  So I go to the first plugin, I click on download,    
7:52  
7 minutos e 52 segundos  
I go to the second plugin, I click on download,  close this. Now I go to my website of course,    
8:00  
8 minutos  
europeanwardrobe . com, then I go to the backend,  to plugins, add plugin, upload a plugin, I go for  

### **Capítulo 4: Use The Branding Of Your Website**

8:12  
8 minutos e 12 segundos  
this one, install now, activate the plugin, of  course it needs to have some configurations. I    
8:22  
8 minutos e 22 segundos  
go to add plugin again, upload plugin, This time I  go for second one, install now, also activate this    
8:33  
8 minutos e 33 segundos  
one. Okay. Now I go to OmniSend email marketing. I  need to connect to OmniSend. So I click over here.    
8:42  
8 minutos e 42 segundos  
We need to go to OmniSend. Well, we already  have an OmniSend account. So I go over here,   I grab this API code, copy. We need to paste  it in the OmniSend plugin. That's where we are.    
8:52  
8 minutos e 52 segundos  
So over here, paste, create API key and click on  connect OmniSend. Awesome. I can click on explore    
9:01  
9 minutos e 1 segundo  
OmniSend add \-ons if I want to. I'm already here  at OmniSend. So there are a few cool add \-ons we    
9:06  
9 minutos e 6 segundos  
can use if we want to. Right now, we're doing  great. So I go to the dashboard. Awesome. Now,    
9:14  
9 minutos e 14 segundos  
OmniSend is linked with our SureCard e \-commerce  website. Awesome. What we need to do now, we need    
9:21  
9 minutos e 21 segundos  
to line up or sync our branding from our website  with our OmniSend account. So when we send emails,    
9:28  
9 minutos e 28 segundos  
it will have the same branding as in our website.  Let me show you how you can do that. I can go back    
9:34  
9 minutos e 34 segundos  
to OmniSend and check if the API is working. It  is connected to store European wardrobe. If I go    
9:45  
9 minutos e 45 segundos  
to the dashboards to goals, it says, connect  your store done. Now we need to work on our    
9:51  
9 minutos e 51 segundos  
branding. So I click on set brand style. So what  we can do, we can use a style of our website. Let    
10:01  
10 minutos e 1 segundo  
me close this and close this and integrate it  with OmniSet. So I use the dark blue color over    
10:09  
10 minutos e 9 segundos  
here. If I go to Elementor to the settings,  global colors, I can grab this second color    
10:20  
10 minutos e 20 segundos  
placed over here. is the accent color and also  the dark one. If I want to use a light color,    
10:31  
10 minutos e 31 segundos  
use that over here. So it maintains the style of  our website. The headings, I like them to be in    
10:38  
10 minutos e 38 segundos  
a real way and all the paragraphs in open sans. We  can have a social media links below all the emails    
10:48  
10 minutos e 48 segundos  
we sent. So if you want that right now, it grabs  everything from Kroger block. I can change it to    
10:56  
10 minutos e 56 segundos  
Ferdy Korpershoek. So you can grab this, all this  information if you want to, if you want to get   rid of some things, you don't use them. I don't  use Pinterest. I can get rid of it. You can also    
11:05  
11 minutos e 5 segundos  
get rid of everything. and then I click on safe  brand assets. Okay. Now there are a few things    
11:12  
11 minutos e 12 segundos  
we can do over here. What I prefer to do, stay  to everything. I'll do this later. I'll do this    
11:18  
11 minutos e 18 segundos  
later. I'll do this later. I'll do this later.  I'll do this later. And I'll do this later because    
11:24  
11 minutos e 24 segundos  
I'm going to show you what needs to be done. So  what happens if you click here at dashboard on    
11:30  
11 minutos e 30 segundos  
overview, you see all the references. and I hope  of course for you that it will increase to the    
11:39  
11 minutos e 39 segundos  
days, to the weeks, to the months. So everything  is set up. What can you do with OmniSend? Let me    
11:45  
11 minutos e 45 segundos  
show you an overview of what is possible. So let  me give you a brief overview of what you can do in    
11:50  
11 minutos e 50 segundos  
OmniSend. You can send campaigns, that is sending  an email to your whole email list or to a specific   segment. So through time, your email list will  grow and then you can send an email to everybody    
12:00  
12 minutos  
in your email list or to a specific group. We  have automations. When people sign up, we can    
12:06  
12 minutos e 6 segundos  
add an automation. In that automation, we can send  emails on autopilot. So we can say that from the   first moment on, they get a welcome email. Then  after two days, they get another email. Then    
12:15  
12 minutos e 15 segundos  
after a day, they get a text message. We can do A  \-B testing, split testing. It's like another word   for an email sequence or a text message sequence.  We have forms. With forms, we can make sure that    
12:26  
12 minutos e 26 segundos  
people opt into our email list. There are a lot of  different forms, and that's the way to get people   to our email list. And then we have audience.  Based on the behavior of your contacts, we can    
12:35  
12 minutos e 35 segundos  
create certain segments. So we can say that people  that bought for more than a thousand dollars on   our website get a special discount code. We can  say that people that have not bought anything    
12:42  
12 minutos e 42 segundos  
for six months on our website, they also get  a discount code. Based on their behavior or   their inactivity, we can create segments and we  can link the segments to the automations. So we    
12:52  
12 minutos e 52 segundos  
can turn our webshop into a money making machine.  We're going to cover all those things. Right now,    
12:59  
12 minutos e 59 segundos  
I want to go back to the dashboard and let's start  with getting subscribers to our email list. Since    
13:05  
13 minutos e 5 segundos  
everything is set up correctly, it is time to get  people to our email list. We can do that using   forms. So let me show you how to create forms  within OmniSend. And there's so much possible    
13:15  
13 minutos e 15 segundos  
all within the free version. I really like that.  So let me show you how to create amazing forms   so we can get subscribers to our email list. In  order to give people the opportunity to opt in,    
13:24  
13 minutos e 24 segundos  
we need to create a form. So we go to forms, and  then over here, when you open this the first time,    
13:30  
13 minutos e 30 segundos  
you see collect email and text message  subscribers from day one with eye catching   forms. So we can go to the first form. What  I prefer to do, since you only see this once,    
13:40  
13 minutos e 40 segundos  
click on view other form types. So here you see  an overview with a lot of different template    
13:47  
13 minutos e 47 segundos  
forms you can use. You can also filter them. So  over here, you can filter them based on the goal.    
13:54  
13 minutos e 54 segundos  
You want to collect subscribers, or stop product  abandonment, promote special offers, or get our   interest in out of stock. You can do it based on  a theme. You can choose a certain type, a pop \-up,    
14:05  
14 minutos e 5 segundos  
embedded area, landing page, or a flyout. You can  do it based on the form setting. So maybe you want   to have a multi \-step form. That's oftentimes that  after people sign up with their email address,    
14:15  
14 minutos e 15 segundos  
they also need to leave their phone number. You  can go for a form that's optimized for mobiles.    
14:21  
14 minutos e 21 segundos  
So you can take a look at those filters. And if  you don't do that, you see them all over here. I    
14:27  
14 minutos e 27 segundos  
want to start with a simple one, and that is with  10 % discount. So here's the first one, and I can    
14:34  
14 minutos e 34 segundos  
use this template. And here you see a layout that  will help us to adjust the information over here.    
14:40  
14 minutos e 40 segundos  
The first thing I want to do, I want to edit the  name. Right now it's called email and text message    
14:45  
14 minutos e 45 segundos  
branded multi \-step form with discount. I click  on edit, and I change the name to 10 % discount    
14:54  
14 minutos e 54 segundos  
on homepage. Update, and what we can do, there are  two things we can save and close the form. If we    
15:01  
15 minutos e 1 segundo  
do that, then it's saved, but it's not active  yet. Keep in mind that this is linked to our    
15:08  
15 minutos e 8 segundos  
website. So if I click over here and I enable  the form, then it will appear on our website.    
15:15  
15 minutos e 15 segundos  
So there's a lot we can do over here. Of course,  we can adjust the information over here. I can    
15:21  
15 minutos e 21 segundos  
click on it and kind of say we give 15 % discount.  click over here, change this to 15%. So let's do    
15:30  
15 minutos e 30 segundos  
that. We can add things. So right now people can  leave their email. You can also say, I want to go    
15:35  
15 minutos e 35 segundos  
for an input over here, which is the first name.  If I don't want to have this over here, if I click    
15:42  
15 minutos e 42 segundos  
on one of those elements over here at the right,  I can adjust this. So right now it's checked that    
15:48  
15 minutos e 48 segundos  
it adds a label first name. I want to uncheck  that. So we see the first name in the form field,    
15:55  
15 minutos e 55 segundos  
because in that way we can save some time. So  again, I can go over here, I can change the text,    
16:00  
16 minutos  
I can adjust the colors, I can make it less bold,  I can make it italic. There's a lot we can do over    
16:06  
16 minutos e 6 segundos  
here. If I don't want to have this, I can get rid  of it. So right now it's get 15 % off for your    
16:15  
16 minutos e 15 segundos  
first order. And if I click on it, I can change  the text, change the font, etc. So right now,    
16:21  
16 minutos e 21 segundos  
get 15 % off your first order, first name, email,  and then over here, click on get 15%. If I want to    
16:28  
16 minutos e 28 segundos  
adjust this, take a look, I use this color in the  website. I can click over here, I can go to the    
16:35  
16 minutos e 35 segundos  
button settings. I prefer to use roundings like  these and I can change the background color. Well,    
16:44  
16 minutos e 44 segundos  
I can go to Elementor, to the site settings,  global colors. I can grab one of the colors I    
16:52  
16 minutos e 52 segundos  
use over here. So if I copy this one, I can also  paste it here and then we get something that's    
16:58  
16 minutos e 58 segundos  
more in the style of our website. I can also  click over here, change the text color and what    
17:04  
17 minutos e 4 segundos  
I really like is that we can do split tests. So  I can play around with the colors, with the style   and see what is performing better. Let me save  it and close it. and then I click on it again,    
17:15  
17 minutos e 15 segundos  
so now it is saved. So I added the first name,  I can also add a timer or an image or a wheel of    
17:23  
17 minutos e 23 segundos  
fortune. I can play around with columns. So what  I could do, I could drag this over here on top or    
17:28  
17 minutos e 28 segundos  
below. Let's see. There's a new area now, and then  I can drag the first name over here at the right,    
17:35  
17 minutos e 35 segundos  
left. And then here at the right, I can go for  this area, duplicate it. Then I click on it,    
17:44  
17 minutos e 44 segundos  
bring it on top, get rid of this one. And over  here, I can get rid of this one. Then I go to the    
17:51  
17 minutos e 51 segundos  
layout. change the background to white. Over here,  I would like to have less padding. So let's say 20    
17:59  
17 minutos e 59 segundos  
or zero. Also over here, zero, how about 20? So  now we have it here at the left and here at the    
18:11  
18 minutos e 11 segundos  
right. Also here, we can play around with the  padding and stuff. We have to go back over here    
18:19  
18 minutos e 19 segundos  
a few times. It's back to the way it was. We can  see how it looks on a mobile device. Okay. And    
18:33  
18 minutos e 33 segundos  
what we see is over here, powered by OmniSense.  This will be in the pop \-up as long as we use the   free version of OmniSense. If you want to get  rid of it, we can upgrade. I'll show you later    
18:42  
18 minutos e 42 segundos  
how you can do that. What we see here below is  that there are multiple steps. So after step one,   after people click on this button, they go to  the second step and here we can get the phone    
18:53  
18 minutos e 53 segundos  
number from people and we can send text messages.  That's all possible within OmniSend. Right now,    
18:58  
18 minutos e 58 segundos  
I want to click over here and get rid of it. So  we have this style right now. Also over here, go    
19:04  
19 minutos e 4 segundos  
to the field settings, make it look like that. If  people have signed up, what should appear? We see    
19:11  
19 minutos e 11 segundos  
that over here. Thanks for signing up. I can the  same colors. As a thank you, you will find a 15 %    
19:20  
19 minutos e 20 segundos  
discount in your inbox and then if people already  subscribe, so if they're already a subscriber,    
19:25  
19 minutos e 25 segundos  
they get this. I bring this to the center and  change the color to that. When people sign up,    
19:35  
19 minutos e 35 segundos  
they get this and when they already sign up,  they get this. So I like to maintain the style,    
19:42  
19 minutos e 42 segundos  
so I bring this to, I make it capitals by  saying you all ready, subscribe, make it bold,    
19:53  
19 minutos e 53 segundos  
CMD B, bring it to the center, center. Okay.  Save and close. So now ladies and gentlemen,    
20:02  
20 minutos e 2 segundos  
if I go to the website, nothing happens. But if I  enable the form, it is now enabled. If we want to    
20:18  
20 minutos e 18 segundos  
get rid of that branding from Omniscent, we can  view the plans and get a 30 % discount. Right    
20:25  
20 minutos e 25 segundos  
now I want to stay on a free plan, continue.  Okay. So now it says over here, it's enabled.   We can see the amount of views. We can see the  submit rate. So now, if I refresh the homepage,    
20:35  
20 minutos e 35 segundos  
since everything is linked together, we  get this. Get 15 % off your first order,    
20:42  
20 minutos e 42 segundos  
enter your first name, Ferdy, enter your email  ferdykorpershoek at gmail . com and I click on get    
20:50  
20 minutos e 50 segundos  
15 % off. Thanks for signing up. As a thank you,  you'll find a 15 % discount in your inbox. Okay.    
21:00  
21 minutos  
But that will not happen yet. Why? We need to  have an automation that is linked to this form,    
21:08  
21 minutos e 8 segundos  
which is not the case yet. So in a minute, we're  going to talk about automations. We're going to   talk about automations, but right now I want to  show you what else is possible within forms. And    
21:17  
21 minutos e 17 segundos  
I want to talk about a lot of configurations.  How can you configure your form? So it will   be shown on a certain place, after a certain  time, or when people scroll to your website,    
21:26  
21 minutos e 26 segundos  
or should be a fly \-in, should be a landing  page. There are a lot of configurations and    
21:31  
21 minutos e 31 segundos  
we're going to talk about it right now. Let's  go back to this form. So we can add an email,    
21:42  
21 minutos e 42 segundos  
phone number, date drop down, a lot of things  in order to create the form. You have in mind,    
21:47  
21 minutos e 47 segundos  
you can optimize it for all devices and then  over here there's behavior and theme settings.    
21:53  
21 minutos e 53 segundos  
Let's take a look at the behavior. We can give  people that subscribe a tag. So right now it's    
21:59  
21 minutos e 59 segundos  
a form subscriber and a welcome discount, I can  add another tag. So everybody that enters this to    
22:06  
22 minutos e 6 segundos  
the home page, I can add a tag home page. And if  you want to, we can also enable double opt \-in.    
22:11  
22 minutos e 11 segundos  
That means that when they open the email and  confirm their email, then they will be added    
22:18  
22 minutos e 18 segundos  
to the list. But right now, if I close this, I  save the changes and I go to audience, contacts,    
22:28  
22 minutos e 28 segundos  
what I see is that the two members on my WordPress  website are already a member, and the third one,    
22:34  
22 minutos e 34 segundos  
which is Ferdy, just opted in. So it says over  here, subscribed with the date. So that's really   nice. No phone number because I removed that  area. So that's how it works. Let's go back to    
22:44  
22 minutos e 44 segundos  
the form. 10 % discount on the homepage, I should  edit this, make it 15, update, update live form,    
22:56  
22 minutos e 56 segundos  
awesome. Now we see that from all the people  that have viewed this, which is only one person,    
23:04  
23 minutos e 4 segundos  
the submission rate is 100 % because I was the  only one who saw this and I opted in. So that's    
23:10  
23 minutos e 10 segundos  
a really nice rate. And if you get more visitors,  you'll see the submit rate. And the great thing is    
23:16  
23 minutos e 16 segundos  
we can do a lot of things to improve this so we  can optimize it. I go back, let's go back to the    
23:22  
23 minutos e 22 segundos  
behavior. We can add text, we can schedule this.  So we can say only show this for a specific time.    
23:28  
23 minutos e 28 segundos  
So from today until the 2nd of September, We can  change the display. We can say only display this    
23:39  
23 minutos e 39 segundos  
when people have visited three pages. So I update  the live form. I'm not sure all the examples, but    
23:45  
23 minutos e 45 segundos  
if I would go to the website, European wardrobe,  the first page, nothing happens. The second page,    
23:54  
23 minutos e 54 segundos  
nothing happens. Now, if people go to the  third page, now it appears. This is so cool.    
24:02  
24 minutos e 2 segundos  
So we can say only people that are really browsing  on our website, they get to see this. So let's    
24:08  
24 minutos e 8 segundos  
go back to display. We can have three page  visits. We can have a certain time on the page,    
24:16  
24 minutos e 16 segundos  
so when people are there for five seconds, then  it will appear over here. We can say when people    
24:24  
24 minutos e 24 segundos  
scrolled for 20 % on any page, so nothing will  be seen over here, but when they start scrolling,    
24:31  
24 minutos e 31 segundos  
when they scroll around 20%, then it will appear.  Exit intent, so people are on my website, they're    
24:39  
24 minutos e 39 segundos  
browsing and at the end they think, okay, you  know what, I will leave. If they hover over here,   then it will appear and then you can get the 15  % discount, which can be a reason for people to    
24:49  
24 minutos e 49 segundos  
decide not to leave the page, or you can  create a custom trigger. Well, right now,    
24:54  
24 minutos e 54 segundos  
I want to show this to everybody after five  seconds. So people that are there and they leave,    
25:01  
25 minutos e 1 segundo  
no. But if they're here for five seconds, then it  will appear. It doesn't matter on which page they    
25:06  
25 minutos e 6 segundos  
are. So I can update the live form, click on it  again. Okay. And there's targeting. This can be    
25:16  
25 minutos e 16 segundos  
very interesting. So people that directly go to my  website, they should see this or only people that    
25:24  
25 minutos e 24 segundos  
come from organic search results or only people  that come from Google ads. So it can be that I   will make an advertisement I go to this page and  get 20 % discount. 20 % is only for people that    
25:34  
25 minutos e 34 segundos  
see this and then I can turn this on and say only  people that are from Google ads, they will see    
25:40  
25 minutos e 40 segundos  
this pop up with 20 % discount. If I turn this on  and I go to the website in the incognito window,    
25:45  
25 minutos e 45 segundos  
this will not be shown. Why? Because people that  go directly to my website don't come from Google    
25:51  
25 minutos e 51 segundos  
ads. So this is some advanced targeting. The  visibility, I can say show this on all devices    
26:00  
26 minutos  
or only for people on a mobile or only for people  on a desktop. I say all devices. The frequency,    
26:08  
26 minutos e 8 segundos  
well, if I go to an incognito window, European, I  wait for five seconds, I do absolutely nothing and    
26:17  
26 minutos e 17 segundos  
after five seconds, it appears. If I close this,  what I can say over here is that when I close it,    
26:27  
26 minutos e 27 segundos  
I will not see it for another day. I can also  say hour, so after one hour, they see it again.    
26:32  
26 minutos e 32 segundos  
I think day is really nice. So if people decide  to click it away, then after a day, again they    
26:40  
26 minutos e 40 segundos  
will see it. But if they enter the website a  second time in the same day, they will not see   it anymore. So I can also say that people will see  it two times and the third time they don't see it,    
26:49  
26 minutos e 49 segundos  
except when they are there a day later. So I say  show it one time per day. I go back and then my    
26:57  
26 minutos e 57 segundos  
favorite one, A B test. We're going to save the  best for last. So we're going to talk about A B    
27:01  
27 minutos e 1 segundo  
testing, but first we go to the theme settings.  Right now, this is a pop \-up. It appears out of    
27:09  
27 minutos e 9 segundos  
nowhere over here. That's a pop \-up. I can also  change that to a fly out. Then it appears like    
27:15  
27 minutos e 15 segundos  
that. I can decide that it will be in the corner  here below. I can change a lot of things. I can    
27:21  
27 minutos e 21 segundos  
change the background or add an image over here.  Well, let's say bring this back and bring it back    
27:28  
27 minutos e 28 segundos  
to a pop \-up in the center. I can also decide that  the pop \-up is from somewhere else. There's a lot    
27:34  
27 minutos e 34 segundos  
you can do over here. I can also have an image  as an overlay over here. So let's add an image,    
27:47  
27 minutos e 47 segundos  
it will look like this. And then if I play around  with this, it can be on top, it can be at the    
27:52  
27 minutos e 52 segundos  
right, at the left, none. So that's really nice.  What you can do over here, let me remove it and    
28:01  
28 minutos e 1 segundo  
then I uncheck this by clicking here. I can change  the form width, I can make it a landing page. So I    
28:08  
28 minutos e 8 segundos  
can send people to a specific page and if I update  the form, now there's something new when we click    
28:14  
28 minutos e 14 segundos  
on it. Over here, there's an external link. So  now this is a whole page. That's what we can    
28:25  
28 minutos e 25 segundos  
do. Let's go to the theme settings. I can embed  it. So when I update it and I click on it again,    
28:33  
28 minutos e 33 segundos  
I can now copy this and use it in my website.  So if I edit this with Elementor, I scroll down,    
28:40  
28 minutos e 40 segundos  
I can have a new area over here and then I can  go for a text editor. in that, I will paste this    
28:52  
28 minutos e 52 segundos  
code. Now if I publish it and I take a look at  the results, this form is not a pop \-up anymore    
29:01  
29 minutos e 1 segundo  
but it is embedded as you see over here. So  you see there are a lot of things we can do.    
29:10  
29 minutos e 10 segundos  
I prefer to go back to the theme settings, form  layout and make it a pop \-up again and then we    
29:17  
29 minutos e 17 segundos  
go to the form styles. Well, we talked about it  already. Right now we see those rounded corners,    
29:23  
29 minutos e 23 segundos  
which I like. I can also change it over here,  for instance for this form. like that. I prefer    
29:29  
29 minutos e 29 segundos  
that. I can change the border width, so you can  have a border, a border style. This is so 2005,    
29:39  
29 minutos e 39 segundos  
you know, like this. Super discount, buy my  course. I prefer not to use that. So I drag    
29:48  
29 minutos e 48 segundos  
it to the left and the overlay color, that is  what you see here. This is not when you, okay,    
29:54  
29 minutos e 54 segundos  
let me show you what I mean. If I update this form  and I go to European, now wait five seconds. Now    
30:04  
30 minutos e 4 segundos  
you see a small overlay. You can change it. So if  you want to change that, go to the theme settings,    
30:13  
30 minutos e 13 segundos  
form styles and then change the overlay color. So  if I would make it red, yeah, that's what it will    
30:19  
30 minutos e 19 segundos  
be. So let me bring it to this one. Go back to  buttons, we talked about it. We can have three    
30:28  
30 minutos e 28 segundos  
different buttons and style them each. You can  change the background color, change the font,    
30:33  
30 minutos e 33 segundos  
make it bold, change the border width, change  the padding. So be my guest, and there's the    
30:43  
30 minutos e 43 segundos  
field. How should the field be by default? You  can also have something like this and this,    
30:51  
30 minutos e 51 segundos  
and that's something we can do with A \-B testing  to see what is performing better. And there's the    
30:57  
30 minutos e 57 segundos  
close button right now, it's over here. I can  also make it close by clicking outside of the    
31:02  
31 minutos e 2 segundos  
form. That's what I prefer. I want to give the  people that go to my website a nice experience,    
31:08  
31 minutos e 8 segundos  
an easy experience. So again, European wardrobe,  wait for five seconds. And if I click outside of    
31:14  
31 minutos e 14 segundos  
this area, it is gone. That's what I think it's  a nice thing to do for my visitors if they don't    
31:20  
31 minutos e 20 segundos  
want to see it. So that's it. Now let's go  to behavior. Let's talk about your behavior.    
31:27  
31 minutos e 27 segundos  
How have you been behaving lately towards the  people you love? I'm serious right now. It gives    
31:44  
31 minutos e 44 segundos  
you some time to think about that. And since we're  here at behavior, let's go to A B testing. This    
31:49  
31 minutos e 49 segundos  
is amazing. With A B testing, you can do amazing  things. You can increase your revenue. And isn't    
31:55  
31 minutos e 55 segundos  
that what we want? So let me show you what you  can do with A B testing. I go to A B testing,    
32:02  
32 minutos e 2 segundos  
So automatically a copy will be made. So copy  one, copy two, I can rename them. So version A,    
32:10  
32 minutos e 10 segundos  
I call this one over here, 15 % discount.  I prefer to name it like this, version A,    
32:21  
32 minutos e 21 segundos  
copy, update and click over here. Go to the other  one, save and then here, edit, call it version B,    
32:33  
32 minutos e 33 segundos  
update. So version A, I leave it the same. I want  to work on version B. So what I can I can do a lot    
32:40  
32 minutos e 40 segundos  
of things. I can change the text, see what's  performing better, but I also can go to the    
32:44  
32 minutos e 44 segundos  
display and see time on page five seconds. So with  version A, it's there immediately. With version B,    
32:52  
32 minutos e 52 segundos  
it's there after five seconds and see which one  is performing better. I can say get 15 % off, sign    
33:05  
33 minutos e 5 segundos  
up and get 15 % off. Also go to layout, sorry, to  theme settings, form styles, and then the overlay    
33:18  
33 minutos e 18 segundos  
color, change it to blue. Save and close.  So the difference now, if I go to A \-B test,    
33:28  
33 minutos e 28 segundos  
both will appear immediately, but version B has  a different text and different backgrounds. So if    
33:33  
33 minutos e 33 segundos  
I go to version A, voila. Really important. Let's  go to the A \-B settings. In this overview, this is    
33:42  
33 minutos e 42 segundos  
the place where you need to start the A \-B test.  So if I save it and close it, I go to this form,    
33:50  
33 minutos e 50 segundos  
then I need to go to A \-B test. And this is the  area where I can start the A \-B test. So let's    
33:56  
33 minutos e 56 segundos  
test it out. I go to a new incognito window and  I go for European wardrobe. But once I see the    
34:04  
34 minutos e 4 segundos  
one with the blue background and sign up and get  15 % off. So people get more the idea that they    
34:12  
34 minutos e 12 segundos  
need to sign up for something. Okay. Now, if I  refresh the page, I see it again, refresh it,    
34:25  
34 minutos e 25 segundos  
keep on refreshing it. And I keep on seeing the  blue ones. So it's probably has something to do    
34:29  
34 minutos e 29 segundos  
with my cookies. So if I take a look now, I see  seven views for this one and zero views for the    
34:37  
34 minutos e 37 segundos  
other ones. So let me go to my other computer and  then also see over there if I get version eight.    
34:43  
34 minutos e 43 segundos  
So I'm back. I opened it on my second computer  and on my phone. And only one time I got the other   one. There you go. And that makes actually total  sense. So what happened on my computer and on my  

### **Capítulo 5: Overview Of Omnisend**

34:54  
34 minutos e 54 segundos  
second computer, I got version B and on my phone,  I got version eight. So actually it's two one,   but since I refreshed a lot, That's what happens.  I refresh it also over here a bit. So as soon as    
35:05  
35 minutos e 5 segundos  
somebody sees version A or version B, when he  or she refreshes, he or she will see the same    
35:11  
35 minutos e 11 segundos  
version. So it's actually perfectly working. Two  people saw version B and one person saw version A.    
35:18  
35 minutos e 18 segundos  
So now I can see which one is performing better.  So let me sign up for one of those. So I signed up    
35:26  
35 minutos e 26 segundos  
with version A, let me refresh it. Submission rate  is 16%. Sign up rate is 16%, 16 .6. So it's higher    
35:34  
35 minutos e 34 segundos  
than version B. So what I can do, I can choose  a winner and say version A and the great thing,    
35:41  
35 minutos e 41 segundos  
since I have a winner, I can go back to this one  And I can do another AB test. And then that way    
35:47  
35 minutos e 47 segundos  
I can keep on optimizing this opt \-in form. And  that's the power of OmniSend and of AB testing.    
35:54  
35 minutos e 54 segundos  
You can keep on improving your opt \-in form. And  in that way, you get more conversions and make    
35:59  
35 minutos e 59 segundos  
more sales. Really powerful stuff. And we're  still using the free version of OmniSend. I    
36:05  
36 minutos e 5 segundos  
can also add multiple forms. So right now we  see one at once. When we go to the website,    
36:12  
36 minutos e 12 segundos  
there you go. I can also have another one. So if  I would go to forms, a new form, can choose one    
36:24  
36 minutos e 24 segundos  
of those or I can go back. duplicate this one,  copy, call this one 50 % discount, exit intent,    
36:42  
36 minutos e 42 segundos  
update. And then I go to display, exit intent. So  I can save it and close it. And then over here,  

### **Capítulo 6: Create An Automation**

36:51  
36 minutos e 51 segundos  
I can click on it again, enable the form. So I  open an incognito window, European wardrobe at    
36:59  
36 minutos e 59 segundos  
once. I get this, I close it. I scroll down, go to  different page. I'm like, you know what? I go As    
37:10  
37 minutos e 10 segundos  
soon as I want to go to the exit, I get this  one. So we can have multiple forms together.    
37:16  
37 minutos e 16 segundos  
So here at forms, I see we have two. One on the  homepage, actually on every page, so I don't have    
37:23  
37 minutos e 23 segundos  
to say on the homepage, 50 % discount appears  at once, or I can say three seconds, update,    
37:36  
37 minutos e 36 segundos  
display time on page, 30 seconds, update. And the  other one is exit intent. So one has been shown    
37:46  
37 minutos e 46 segundos  
to this one. So we can have two forms working at  the same time. So people opt into your email list,    
37:53  
37 minutos e 53 segundos  
but what should happen after that? After that,  we need to make sure they will be subscribed to    
37:59  
37 minutos e 59 segundos  
an automation. In other email programs, it can  be called sequences. We can send them an email,   have a delay, send them another email, but with  OmniSend, you can also send text messages, you can    
38:09  
38 minutos e 9 segundos  
send push notifications, you can do split testing,  A \-B testing. This is so cool. So let me show you    
38:15  
38 minutos e 15 segundos  
what is possible with automations within OmniSend.  We have two forms up and running, but when people    
38:21  
38 minutos e 21 segundos  
leave their information, nothing happens. In order  to fix that, we need to go to automations. And    
38:26  
38 minutos e 26 segundos  
this is so powerful. When you open this for the  first time, you see this area. I want to explore    
38:32  
38 minutos e 32 segundos  
the templates. This is what you'll see when you  open this area for the second time. You can also    
38:38  
38 minutos e 38 segundos  
create a automation from scratch. I can have a  welcome over here. I can open it and customize    
38:44  
38 minutos e 44 segundos  
it. I want to start from scratch to show you  how it works. So I click on start or create from    
38:49  
38 minutos e 49 segundos  
scratch. First, I want to give this a name. So I  click on edit over here. I call this one welcome    
38:58  
38 minutos e 58 segundos  
or 15 % welcome workflow or automation. So there  are automations and a workflow is an automation    
39:08  
39 minutos e 8 segundos  
updates. So first we need to have a trigger. When  should people be added to this workflow? So define    
39:18  
39 minutos e 18 segundos  
how a person enters a workflow. I click over here  and then we need to edit the trigger. We need to    
39:22  
39 minutos e 22 segundos  
select an event. There are a lot of events. So  what should happen over here? What we want when    
39:30  
39 minutos e 30 segundos  
people subscribe to marketing, then they need  to be added to this workflow. When I do this,    
39:37  
39 minutos e 37 segundos  
I have two forms. So it doesn't matter which one  is filled in. They always will be added to this   workflow. Well, if you have multiple forms, you  need to be specific, which workflow is linked    
39:48  
39 minutos e 48 segundos  
to which form. So what I want to do, let me save  it and close it. And I go to forms in a new tab.    
39:55  
39 minutos e 55 segundos  
I only want people that have the three second  rule to be added to this form. In that case,    
40:02  
40 minutos e 2 segundos  
I should go over here to the welcome workflow, go  to subscribe to marketing, but which marketing?    
40:09  
40 minutos e 9 segundos  
So I add a trigger filter and now I can select  one there, subscribe to a form and the form is    
40:19  
40 minutos e 19 segundos  
three seconds. If I would update this, it means  that when people go to the website, European,    
40:31  
40 minutos e 31 segundos  
and after three seconds, this one appears. When  they sign up over here, they will be added to   the workflow. But when they go to the exit intent,  they will not be added to the workflow. So what I    
40:41  
40 minutos e 41 segundos  
will do really simple trigger filters. I think  it's not there yet. So maybe I have to do it    
40:48  
40 minutos e 48 segundos  
again. Form is three seconds. Save it. I want to  have another one at a trigger. That is a form that    
41:01  
41 minutos e 1 segundo  
is also the other one. Exit intent. save it. But  there's a really important thing we need to do,    
41:08  
41 minutos e 8 segundos  
because right now it says people need to fill  in the first form and the second form in order    
41:13  
41 minutos e 13 segundos  
to be added to this automation. That's not what  should happen. So we need to change this to or,    
41:20  
41 minutos e 20 segundos  
or they fill in the three second pop \-up or the  exit intent pop \-up. Really important to do that.    
41:26  
41 minutos e 26 segundos  
Otherwise people will not be added to the workflow  before they filled in both forms, which is really   unlikely to happen. So I click on update, it  will say over here, people will be added to    
41:37  
41 minutos e 37 segundos  
this workflow when they are from the form, 50  % discount in three seconds, 50 % discount,    
41:44  
41 minutos e 44 segundos  
exit intent. So both forms will send people to  this workflow. So what should happen when they are    
41:51  
41 minutos e 51 segundos  
triggered right now? Nothing will happen. Well,  first, if you want to, we can add a delay over    
41:56  
41 minutos e 56 segundos  
here. So when they sign up for this form, after  one minute, then the next thing can happen. So if    
42:03  
42 minutos e 3 segundos  
I would say email, then it will take one minute  for people to get this email. Well, I don't like    
42:09  
42 minutos e 9 segundos  
that. So what I will say, I'll get rid of it. So  when people are entered to this workflow at once,    
42:17  
42 minutos e 17 segundos  
they get this email. If I click on it, I can  have a subject line. Here is your discount and    
42:26  
42 minutos e 26 segundos  
I can make it personal. I click on the three  dots, first name insert, but we can also make    
42:34  
42 minutos e 34 segundos  
this better. Look at this beautiful icon. I can  click over here. OmniSend AI. How can I make this    
42:39  
42 minutos e 39 segundos  
better? How would you like to modify the subject  line? Modify with a prompt, adjust the text in a    
42:46  
42 minutos e 46 segundos  
way that that the opening rate will be higher.  Unlock your exclusive discounts. Don't miss out    
42:58  
42 minutos e 58 segundos  
on your special discount. Your personalized  discount awaits you. Okay. So with AI,    
43:07  
43 minutos e 7 segundos  
we can adjust things. Then there's the preheader,  use AI, another text, and then the sender's name,    
43:17  
43 minutos e 17 segundos  
really important. I like to say Ferdy, but it  can be that when people are on European wardrobe,    
43:22  
43 minutos e 22 segundos  
you have no idea who Ferdy is. So I can also say  European wardrobe, but makes it less personal.    
43:30  
43 minutos e 30 segundos  
So I can also say Ferdy from European wardrobe.  Well, that's up to you. And there's sender's email    
43:36  
43 minutos e 36 segundos  
address. If people reply, I want them to send it  to info at European wardrobe. And later we can    
43:43  
43 minutos e 43 segundos  
adjust this email address. So it will be sent from  info at European wardrobe. Now, and then I want to    
43:50  
43 minutos e 50 segundos  
update things, then click on save and close.  So everything is saved. Then I open it again.    
43:55  
43 minutos e 55 segundos  
It's still in draft. So I click over here and I  continue. So now we can edit the content and we    
44:04  
44 minutos e 4 segundos  
see a similar overview as the one when we created  an opt \-in form. It's a little bit different. So    
44:10  
44 minutos e 10 segundos  
here is our logo. I like it, European wardrobe,  and we can add anything over here. So I can add    
44:18  
44 minutos e 18 segundos  
an element, which is a text for instance. Then  I can start typing, Hey, and I can make it    
44:24  
44 minutos e 24 segundos  
personal by scrolling down over here, click on the  three dots, say, Hey Ferdy. Here is the promised    
44:39  
44 minutos e 39 segundos  
discount of 15%. If I want to make this better,  I can click over here and I can say, rephrase it.    
44:54  
44 minutos e 54 segundos  
We're excited to share your exclusive discount.  Use this special coupon code at a checkout, but    
45:00  
45 minutos  
hurry, it's valid for just seven days. Well, make  sure that it's still your tone of voice. Well,    
45:07  
45 minutos e 7 segundos  
it depends. Right now, the web shop is called  European Wardrobe. If it will be Furnished    
45:14  
45 minutos e 14 segundos  
Cool Swimming Suit Shop, then I will make it  more personal. Right now, you're a company,    
45:20  
45 minutos e 20 segundos  
European Wardrobe, so it's up to you. The question  is, How do you want to come across? It's very, it    
45:28  
45 minutos e 28 segundos  
can come across a little bit manipulative. Well,  I leave it totally up to you. I can also say, um,    
45:37  
45 minutos e 37 segundos  
modify it, make it more friendly and less pushy.  Okay. And then I can make it shorter. We can do a    
45:50  
45 minutos e 50 segundos  
lot of things. Now what we can do, we can add our  discount. So I click on add elements and scroll    
45:57  
45 minutos e 57 segundos  
down and I search for discount and there you see  discount in percentage. Let me see if it doesn't    
46:04  
46 minutos e 4 segundos  
drop. just try it again. Yes. So I said personal  discount with sure card. That's not possible yet.    
46:11  
46 minutos e 11 segundos  
So what we can do, we can go to our website,  to the backend. Then we'll go to sure cards,    
46:17  
46 minutos e 17 segundos  
coupons. I add a new one. I can call this one  15 % discounts. I can give them a random code,    
46:33  
46 minutos e 33 segundos  
copy this. I can limit it. I can add some other  restrictions right now. It's a percentage of 50    
46:46  
46 minutos e 46 segundos  
% discount is forever. I can say it can be only  used one time per person. And it can be a minimum,    
46:56  
46 minutos e 56 segundos  
like people have to spend at least $20 in order  to get the discount. I leave it as this just 15    
47:00  
47 minutos  
% discount, create a coupon. I copy the code. So  now over here, paste the code. And then in order    
47:10  
47 minutos e 10 segundos  
to be fair and honest, um, it's not an exclusive  discount just for you. So I should adjust that    
47:20  
47 minutos e 20 segundos  
text. I leave it for now as it is. Then I can have  another text here below and I start typing. Okay,    
47:33  
47 minutos e 33 segundos  
two more things, add an element, I want to  have a button, I can say redeem, discount,    
47:44  
47 minutos e 44 segundos  
the website, HTTPS, European, I prefer to  copy this, otherwise I have a wrong link,    
47:53  
47 minutos e 53 segundos  
so I paste it. Okay, then I go to my website, to  the Elementor. edit with Elementor, go over here,    
48:04  
48 minutos e 4 segundos  
global colors. I grab this color to use it over  here, button styling, change the color to this    
48:17  
48 minutos e 17 segundos  
one. And I like those corners. Okay. So this goes  to the website, then they can redeem this code.    
48:23  
48 minutos e 23 segundos  
And I can say, if I want to, it's not true because  that function is not active yet, but I could say    
48:29  
48 minutos e 29 segundos  
something like placed in the middle, this coupon  is valid for seven days. make it italic. Okay. If    
48:47  
48 minutos e 47 segundos  
I want to play around, by the way, with the edges.  So over here, I can say below, make it zero,    
48:58  
48 minutos e 58 segundos  
make it zero and zero. So it's a little bit close  to each other. Okay. I can bring the button to the    
49:06  
49 minutos e 6 segundos  
left. If I want to, there's a lot I can do. I'm  okay with this. I click on finish editing. So what    
49:12  
49 minutos e 12 segundos  
should happen when people subscribe at once,  they should get this email with this content.    
49:19  
49 minutos e 19 segundos  
So let's start the workflow. And now it's time to  sign up again. So I go to new incognito window,    
49:29  
49 minutos e 29 segundos  
to European wardrobe. After three seconds, I get  this. Dwight Schrute, ferdykorp . gmail . com, get    
49:45  
49 minutos e 45 segundos  
15 % off. Thanks for signing up. Now I need to go  to my Gmail account. There is email, unlock your    
49:52  
49 minutos e 52 segundos  
exclusive discount, Dwight Schrute. Here, there's  no more space. So I should increase that a bit.    
50:00  
50 minutos  
Let me see. I go to the automations, click over  here. This is how it goes. Trial and error. Over    
50:10  
50 minutos e 10 segundos  
here, you see a little bit of space and it's not  there. So what I could do, bring this back to six    
50:19  
50 minutos e 19 segundos  
and six, finish. So now I grab this code, I redeem  the discounts. And now if I go to a product,    
50:32  
50 minutos e 32 segundos  
I add it to the cart. I have a lot of products  over here. If I go to the checkout, what I see,    
50:41  
50 minutos e 41 segundos  
this is another email address than the one I used  to sign up. So now if I would, uh, first of all,    
50:46  
50 minutos e 46 segundos  
of course I need to use the coupon code apply.  I get 50 % discount. So let me buy this. Let me    
50:56  
50 minutos e 56 segundos  
fill in the details. Test payments. Click over  here. Thank you. Your payment was successful.    
51:06  
51 minutos e 6 segundos  
Receipt is on your way on its way to your inbox.  Okay. Awesome. Now, if I go to OmniSend, let me go    
51:14  
51 minutos e 14 segundos  
to the overview. If I go to reports, look at this.  I made money. I see that. But what I also see,    
51:27  
51 minutos e 27 segundos  
it's not from OmniSend. Why not? Because as I said  before, I got this email and another email account    
51:35  
51 minutos e 35 segundos  
than the one I used to go to the checkout. So  the cool thing is, I can see exactly how much  

### **Capítulo 7: More Automations**

51:42  
51 minutos e 42 segundos  
money I will make through OmniSend. So again, if  I would go, grab this code. and I redeem it in an    
51:51  
51 minutos e 51 segundos  
incognito window. So now I click on this product,  I click on buy. Now I use the same email address    
52:01  
52 minutos e 1 segundo  
from the email address I used to sign up, Dwight  Schrute, and I click on purchase. Look at this    
52:10  
52 minutos e 10 segundos  
update. Look at this. From the automation from  OmniSend, we made $85. So if the visitor of your    
52:18  
52 minutos e 18 segundos  
website was going to the website, just browsing,  and he was like, okay, I don't like it. Let's go    
52:27  
52 minutos e 27 segundos  
close this website. then I would have nothing  but because of the opt \-in and the discount    
52:32  
52 minutos e 32 segundos  
he redeemed, he made a purchase, I made a sale.  So thanks to OmniSend, we made now $85. So what    
52:38  
52 minutos e 38 segundos  
you will see in this overview is how much you're  making outside of OmniSend and how much OmniSend    
52:44  
52 minutos e 44 segundos  
is helping you to make extra revenue. So this is  super powerful. So right now, when people sign    
52:51  
52 minutos e 51 segundos  
up through our opt \-in form, they get an email,  but we can do so much more. We can add a delay    
52:57  
52 minutos e 57 segundos  
at other emails. So let me show you what else is  possible within automations in OmniSend. If we go    
53:02  
53 minutos e 2 segundos  
back to automations, look at this, see the title,  see the status, it's enabled. Two emails sent,    
53:10  
53 minutos e 10 segundos  
open rate 100%, click rate 100 % and the revenue.  So over here, you see an overview of how much    
53:15  
53 minutos e 15 segundos  
revenue a workflow has created. As you see, The 85  was from my second sale, the first sale was with    
53:24  
53 minutos e 24 segundos  
another email account then that is in this list.  So it's automatically seeing where the revenue   comes from. So thanks to this workflow, we made  $85. So if I click over here, I can see even more    
53:35  
53 minutos e 35 segundos  
information over here, send twice, opened 100  times, clicked 100 % and the sales $85. To have    
53:45  
53 minutos e 45 segundos  
completed it and to have skipped it. So what I  can do, I can do so much more. This email will    
53:52  
53 minutos e 52 segundos  
be sent at once, when people sign up for one  of those forms, I can have a delay of two days.    
54:05  
54 minutos e 5 segundos  
I can send another email, another text message, a  push notification, which you can see over here in    
54:10  
54 minutos e 10 segundos  
your browser. So I send another email, it can be  anything. I can say your discount is still active    
54:21  
54 minutos e 21 segundos  
and then Make the text better, rephrase, something  like that. Use your discount. I'm just not good    
54:28  
54 minutos e 28 segundos  
at the writing, so I let AI do it for me. At least  make it better. Yes. But if I click over here,    
54:37  
54 minutos e 37 segundos  
if people make use of the discount, I don't want  them in this workflow anymore because this goal    
54:44  
54 minutos e 44 segundos  
is for people to make use of the discount. So I  go back to the trigger and then I can say exit    
54:51  
54 minutos e 51 segundos  
options, exit at exit conditions is when people  place an order. So when people place an order,    
55:01  
55 minutos e 1 segundo  
they will be exited from this workflow. So as  long as they don't buy anything with the discount,    
55:10  
55 minutos e 10 segundos  
they will still receive all those  emails. So the sender's name again,    
55:14  
55 minutos e 14 segundos  
Ferdy. Okay. Let's publish the changes, get the  content. It's two days later, so the expiry date,    
55:39  
55 minutos e 39 segundos  
how do you say that? Annotation should be in  five days from that point on. Finish. So again,  

### **Capítulo 8: A/B Testing**

56:00  
56 minutos  
we can have another delay. We can send a text  message, can change the delay to four days. So    
56:10  
56 minutos e 10 segundos  
it will be four days after this email. So the  total is now two plus four. After six days,   you can send a text message. Well, we don't have  their phone number, but if you would have it,    
56:20  
56 minutos e 20 segundos  
you can have a text message over here. I will do  another email And when they decide over here to    
56:30  
56 minutos e 30 segundos  
redeem the code, then they will be opted out of  this list. They will still be on my email list,    
56:36  
56 minutos e 36 segundos  
but not in this workflow anymore, which is totally  focused on giving people the 15 % discount. I    
56:43  
56 minutos e 43 segundos  
can send an email, last chance to redeem your  discount, finish editing. Now let me show you    
57:01  
57 minutos e 1 segundo  
the power of A \-B testing. Ladies and gentlemen,  here comes one of my favorite subjects again,    
57:09  
57 minutos e 9 segundos  
A \-B testing. be testing. I love this so much. I  do it with the thumbnails of my YouTube videos,   with the titles on my YouTube videos. If I  can, I do it with my websites to see which    
57:18  
57 minutos e 18 segundos  
website is performing better. So I will have two  different websites, slightly different, and then    
57:24  
57 minutos e 24 segundos  
I get a lot of visitors and then I can see which  version, version A or version B of that website is    
57:30  
57 minutos e 30 segundos  
performing better. Version A or version B of the  thumbnail or of the YouTube videos and then I see    
57:36  
57 minutos e 36 segundos  
what is performing better and I choose that one  as my new title or new thumbnail or a new website    
57:41  
57 minutos e 41 segundos  
page, and then I can do another split test or A \-B  test. So I can keep on increasing the conversion    
57:49  
57 minutos e 49 segundos  
ratio on my website based on statistics. So let me  show you how to apply A \-B testing within OmniSend    
57:55  
57 minutos e 55 segundos  
Automations. What I can do, I can drag this A \-B  in between I can drag this email to email a, I can    
58:05  
58 minutos e 5 segundos  
duplicate this email to be click over here. I can  say your last chance, 20 % discount rephrase. Now    
58:31  
58 minutos e 31 segundos  
I can update it. Click on it again at the content.  Yes. Safe. Finish the workflow. I can say, Hey,    
58:48  
58 minutos e 48 segundos  
decided to do something crazy. We increased the  50 % discount with another 5%. So you have a total    
59:06  
59 minutos e 6 segundos  
of 20 % discount. Be redeemable today. Again,  rephrase. Okay. I click over here. Value is    
59:36  
59 minutos e 36 segundos  
20\. Finish. Also need to make sure that this one  is 15\. So what happens now? 50 % of people will  

### **Capítulo 9: Split Testing**

1:00:01  
1 hora e 1 segundo  
get a message. This is your last chance to make  use of the 50 % discount. A 50 % gets an email    
1:00:08  
1 hora e 8 segundos  
with the text. It's 20%. So I can see what is  performing better. If it is forming really well,    
1:00:18  
1 hora e 18 segundos  
then I can decide to give people 5 % extra in the  last day. So Thanks to this A \-B test, I can see    
1:00:26  
1 hora e 26 segundos  
what is performing better. And if I see that a lot  of people decide to go for the 20 % discount on    
1:00:32  
1 hora e 32 segundos  
the last day of their discount period, then I will  get rid of this one, make sure this one is turned    
1:00:37  
1 hora e 37 segundos  
off by default so I can make more sales. And  after this one, I can have another delay. Sorry,    
1:00:49  
1 hora e 49 segundos  
I drag it here below and I can send another email.  Besides A \-B testing, there's also split testing.    
1:00:57  
1 hora e 57 segundos  
Let me show you how that works. I can also make  use of a split test. So an A \-B test will be    
1:01:03  
1 hora, 1 minuto e 3 segundos  
shown to a certain amount of people, so 50 % sees  email A, 50 % sees email B. What I also can do,    
1:01:09  
1 hora, 1 minuto e 9 segundos  
I can do split test and that's more based on the  behavior of people. So what I can say, when people    
1:01:17  
1 hora, 1 minuto e 17 segundos  
don't open this email, so first I need to, I can  use this one. Oh no, not delete but duplicate.    
1:01:27  
1 hora, 1 minuto e 27 segundos  
I can direct this to the split test and you see  yes. I can send, use this one, duplicate and send    
1:01:38  
1 hora, 1 minuto e 38 segundos  
it to no. So when the answer to the split is yes,  they will get this email. When the answer is no,    
1:01:48  
1 hora, 1 minuto e 48 segundos  
they will get this email. So now we can set up or  define the split. When should people go to the yes    
1:01:54  
1 hora, 1 minuto e 54 segundos  
and when to the no. So there can be rules, we can  trigger people. The trigger can be when They are    
1:02:04  
1 hora, 2 minutos e 4 segundos  
from a certain form, they get a yes. When it's  not, they go to no. But let's do something else.    
1:02:11  
1 hora, 2 minutos e 11 segundos  
We can say when people are English, then they  get this email. When they're not English,    
1:02:18  
1 hora, 2 minutos e 18 segundos  
they get this email. That's really stupid.  So let's save it for now and get rid of it.    
1:02:24  
1 hora, 2 minutos e 24 segundos  
There's another one, contact properties.  When people's name, first name is Ferdy,    
1:02:32  
1 hora, 2 minutos e 32 segundos  
save it. They get this email. When it's not, they  get this email. Now let's do a more realistic one,    
1:02:39  
1 hora, 2 minutos e 39 segundos  
message engagement. So select a property. this  email, don't miss out on your active discount. If    
1:02:47  
1 hora, 2 minutos e 47 segundos  
people opened a message, that means that they're  probably interested when they open an email, which    
1:02:54  
1 hora, 2 minutos e 54 segundos  
is don't miss out on your active discount. When  they open this email, then next time they get this    
1:03:02  
1 hora, 3 minutos e 2 segundos  
email because they, they open it. So they must  be interested in their discount, in the discount.    
1:03:07  
1 hora, 3 minutos e 7 segundos  
Then they get this email, but sorry, let's open  it one more time. Open the message. This one, let    
1:03:20  
1 hora, 3 minutos e 20 segundos  
me save it. So when they open this email, don't  miss your discount. They open this email, then the    
1:03:29  
1 hora, 3 minutos e 29 segundos  
answer is yes. They get this email, final call for  your exclusive discounts. When they do not open    
1:03:35  
1 hora, 3 minutos e 35 segundos  
this email, so they're probably not interested in  the 15 % discount, then they should go to this one    
1:03:41  
1 hora, 3 minutos e 41 segundos  
and then they get even more discount. So people  that are already clicking on the message, like,    
1:03:47  
1 hora, 3 minutos e 47 segundos  
Hey, let's see what is over here. They are already  interested, so then I can send a normal reminder    
1:03:53  
1 hora, 3 minutos e 53 segundos  
about 15%, but people that do not seem to be  interested in the 50 % discount, they should get a    
1:04:00  
1 hora e 4 minutos  
20 % discount email. In order to make them excited  to make use of the discount, because also a 20 %    
1:04:08  
1 hora, 4 minutos e 8 segundos  
discount, I still can make a profit. So otherwise  I lose them, but if they're not interested,    
1:04:13  
1 hora, 4 minutos e 13 segundos  
this is one more motivation for people to let them  buy something on my website. And that's the power    
1:04:20  
1 hora, 4 minutos e 20 segundos  
of split testing. You can do it based on opening  emails. You can do it based on so message clicked  

### **Capítulo 10: Abandoned Cart**

1:04:28  
1 hora, 4 minutos e 28 segundos  
on the message. So when they clicked on a link  in the message, that can also be property. So   that's really powerful. So if you take a look, we  made a trigger. So when should people be added to    
1:04:39  
1 hora, 4 minutos e 39 segundos  
this workflow? When they are opted in through  one of the two forms, then immediately they get   the discounts, unique discounts, then wait for  two days. Hey, don't miss out on your discount.    
1:04:49  
1 hora, 4 minutos e 49 segundos  
If they open this email, they get a new email with  50 % discount. If they don't open this email, they    
1:04:56  
1 hora, 4 minutos e 56 segundos  
get this email with even more discounts and when  they buy something and make use of the discounts,   at once they will be opted out of this workflow.  They're still in our email list but they're not    
1:05:06  
1 hora, 5 minutos e 6 segundos  
getting any more emails from us. So this whole  workflow is to promote 15 and 20 % discounts    
1:05:13  
1 hora, 5 minutos e 13 segundos  
so people will make their first purchase. on our  website. Publish it, let them finish the workflow.    
1:05:22  
1 hora, 5 minutos e 22 segundos  
So now it's a matter of getting people to our  website, so they will be opted in to our email   list. Okay. We set a lot of things up already.  Congratulations with that. By the way, if you like    
1:05:32  
1 hora, 5 minutos e 32 segundos  
this video, will you like this video and feel free  to subscribe for more upcoming tutorials about how   to make a website that can generate you money.  Making email lists is part of that, because if    
1:05:41  
1 hora, 5 minutos e 41 segundos  
you have a website, you're selling things, you can  build an email list and increase your revenue. But   let me show you what else is possible. If I click  on create a workflow automation, I can also have,    
1:05:51  
1 hora, 5 minutos e 51 segundos  
for instance, card abandonment. So you can take a  look at everything that is possible. So what does  

### **Capítulo 11: Test Everything**

1:05:58  
1 hora, 5 minutos e 58 segundos  
it mean? Card abandonment? Abandonment is when  people go to my website. So let's go to the front    
1:06:05  
1 hora, 6 minutos e 5 segundos  
end. They see something they like. Okay. This one,  they add it to the cart and then they leave the    
1:06:16  
1 hora, 6 minutos e 16 segundos  
website. Now we can say that people that do that  get an email from us like, Hey, what happens? You    
1:06:22  
1 hora, 6 minutos e 22 segundos  
lost something. There's something in your basket.  That's what you can do with product abandonment.    
1:06:27  
1 hora, 6 minutos e 27 segundos  
So let's see. Abandoned cart, abandoned checkout.  Which one do I want to choose? Click over here. So    
1:06:37  
1 hora, 6 minutos e 37 segundos  
it says over here, when people add things to  the cart, but they don't go to the checkout,    
1:06:43  
1 hora, 6 minutos e 43 segundos  
then they should get this email. Items in your  cart are selling out fast. So I can save and close    
1:06:51  
1 hora, 6 minutos e 51 segundos  
this, I click over here, I start the workflow,  awesome. And now let's test everything. Let's test    
1:07:02  
1 hora, 7 minutos e 2 segundos  
everything that we've set up so far to see if it's  actually working. Testing is really important,   so I suggest you do the same. So let's set  everything. I open this in an incognito    
1:07:12  
1 hora, 7 minutos e 12 segundos  
window. I go to European wardrobe. I wait for a  few seconds. Jason Moa, get 50 % off. Okay. Let    
1:07:29  
1 hora, 7 minutos e 29 segundos  
me go to Gmail accounts. There it is. Unlike your  exclusive discounts, I redeemed the discounts.    
1:07:37  
1 hora, 7 minutos e 37 segundos  
I have nothing in my cart yet. I click over here.  It's not there yet. So I go to another product,    
1:07:46  
1 hora, 7 minutos e 46 segundos  
add it to the cart, one product in my cart.  I go to this product. It's not there. this    
1:07:54  
1 hora, 7 minutos e 54 segundos  
one. I hope this one is yes. I want to have  this one. Cool. Okay. Now, now I do nothing.  

### **Capítulo 12: Change The Sender Email Address**

1:08:03  
1 hora, 8 minutos e 3 segundos  
So I close this to my inbox and now it says from  European wardrobe items in your cart are selling    
1:08:14  
1 hora, 8 minutos e 14 segundos  
out fast. What happened? We noticed you left some  items in your cart. Super cool. I can complete my    
1:08:23  
1 hora, 8 minutos e 23 segundos  
order. So now if I go to that, let's, let's go  over here. I refresh this. Somebody has entered.    
1:08:32  
1 hora, 8 minutos e 32 segundos  
Somebody is currently in, I go back over here and  I go to the checkout. And now, if I refresh this,    
1:08:40  
1 hora, 8 minutos e 40 segundos  
I should be exited already. Not excited but  exited, yes. Because I went to the checkout    
1:08:46  
1 hora, 8 minutos e 46 segundos  
and the exit condition is when I place an order or  I started to checkout. Well, I could say I get rid    
1:08:52  
1 hora, 8 minutos e 52 segundos  
of this one and I keep on getting emails until I  paid. I think that's better, so let me do that.   So that's a way to get people back  when they have stuff in their cart,    
1:09:02  
1 hora, 9 minutos e 2 segundos  
but they don't go to the checkout or they don't  place an order. order. All automated. Right now,    
1:09:08  
1 hora, 9 minutos e 8 segundos  
the emails we send are sent from a random email  address at soundtest1 . com. That's not super    
1:09:14  
1 hora, 9 minutos e 14 segundos  
cool, not super professional. So let me show  you how we can change the sender email address,    
1:09:20  
1 hora, 9 minutos e 20 segundos  
in my case, to info at europeanwardrobe . com  instead of a lot of numbers, a lot of letters and    
1:09:27  
1 hora, 9 minutos e 27 segundos  
at soundtest1 . com. Let me show you how we can do  that. When I send emails through OmniSend, it will    
1:09:33  
1 hora, 9 minutos e 33 segundos  
be sent to something like this, communications  at bla bla bla bla bla at soundtest1 . com. I    
1:09:40  
1 hora, 9 minutos e 40 segundos  
want to change it to info at europeanwardrobe  . com. How can we do that? Over here, we go to    
1:09:47  
1 hora, 9 minutos e 47 segundos  
the store settings and then we see domains. If I  scroll down, over here I have my shared domain,    
1:09:56  
1 hora, 9 minutos e 56 segundos  
also over here, and here I have the OmniSend  shared short link. Well, What I want is to have    
1:10:03  
1 hora, 10 minutos e 3 segundos  
the option to use info at europeanwardrobe . com.  If I go to email addresses, I see shared only sent    
1:10:10  
1 hora, 10 minutos e 10 segundos  
email. I want to add one so I can add one over  here. I can say info at europeanwardrobe . com,    
1:10:19  
1 hora, 10 minutos e 19 segundos  
copy it. It's unverified. What I need to do,  I need to go to domains and then here at your    
1:10:29  
1 hora, 10 minutos e 29 segundos  
domains, I need to add a domain. So I click on add  domain for its purpose. sending emails. So in my    
1:10:36  
1 hora, 10 minutos e 36 segundos  
case, info at europeanwardrobe . com. So I click  on continue. The domain name is this one. I click    
1:10:46  
1 hora, 10 minutos e 46 segundos  
on continue. And I need to add those DNS records  to my web hosting accounts. Well, in this case,    
1:10:55  
1 hora, 10 minutos e 55 segundos  
I use SiteGround. So I go to SiteGround and  what I need to do, I need to go to domain DNS    
1:11:02  
1 hora, 11 minutos e 2 segundos  
zone editor. Then I go back to OmniSend. Let me  get rid of this over here. The first record is a    
1:11:11  
1 hora, 11 minutos e 11 segundos  
TXT. I need to leave the name empty and copy the  value. So I go to TXT, I leave the name empty and    
1:11:21  
1 hora, 11 minutos e 21 segundos  
I paste this. I set this to one hour. I click  on create. Now it's created. I need to go to    
1:11:30  
1 hora, 11 minutos e 30 segundos  
the second one. The txt name, I copy this, but  keep in mind there is . europeanwardrobe . com,    
1:11:38  
1 hora, 11 minutos e 38 segundos  
so I only want to copy everything before the point  for the dot, because over here it already says    
1:11:46  
1 hora, 11 minutos e 46 segundos  
European wardrobe. Then paste this value and click  on create. It's created and then the third one,    
1:12:01  
1 hora, 12 minutos e 1 segundo  
demark this value, create. That's it. Now, I  click on finish verification. And it says it  

### **Capítulo 13: Email Campaign**

1:12:22  
1 hora, 12 minutos e 22 segundos  
can take around 30 minutes. It can even take up  to 48 hours. And I had that, that it took two days    
1:12:28  
1 hora, 12 minutos e 28 segundos  
before it was really working. So what I just saw  here, this will be gone in 48 hours and there'll    
1:12:36  
1 hora, 12 minutos e 36 segundos  
be changed to info at europeanwardrobe . com like  this. So much better. And it's also great because    
1:12:47  
1 hora, 12 minutos e 47 segundos  
then the chances of your emails going into the  spam folder are decreased. So if you want to see    
1:12:53  
1 hora, 12 minutos e 53 segundos  
how everything is working, click over here. open  the DNS records. This one is verified already.    
1:13:00  
1 hora e 13 minutos  
These two not, and that can take up to 48 hours.  I can also check it over here by clicking here,    
1:13:06  
1 hora, 13 minutos e 6 segundos  
but I'll just wait for it. It is now two hours  later. If I refresh the page, you see the    
1:13:12  
1 hora, 13 minutos e 12 segundos  
verification status is verified. And if I go to  email addresses, it's also verified. So now if I    
1:13:19  
1 hora, 13 minutos e 19 segundos  
send emails, it will be sent from info at European  wardrobe . com. We've created forms so we can get    
1:13:27  
1 hora, 13 minutos e 27 segundos  
people to our email list. We've created automation  so people get emails on autopilot. Now it's time   to create campaigns. Campaigns are emails that can  be sent at once to your whole email list or to a    
1:13:37  
1 hora, 13 minutos e 37 segundos  
certain specific group, a segment. We're going to  talk about segments later. Right now, I want to   show you how to create campaigns within OmniSend.  In order to send a campaign, I click on campaigns    
1:13:48  
1 hora, 13 minutos e 48 segundos  
and I want to take a look at all campaign types.  I can send an email. I can send an email a B test,    
1:13:56  
1 hora, 13 minutos e 56 segundos  
which I highly recommend because then you can  see which email is performing better. And the one   that's performing better will be sent to the rest  of your email list. You can send a text message    
1:14:05  
1 hora, 14 minutos e 5 segundos  
campaign and a push notification campaign. Let's  start with a regular email. I click on create    
1:14:10  
1 hora, 14 minutos e 10 segundos  
email, and then there's the subject line. I can  say black Friday discounts up to 35%. Why not? I    
1:14:26  
1 hora, 14 minutos e 26 segundos  
can make it personal. So I can say, Hey, 30 or,  um, black Friday discount up to 35%. Is that the    
1:14:44  
1 hora, 14 minutos e 44 segundos  
right thing to say in English? Exclamation mark?  Exclamation mark. Keep on learning. Yes. Ferdy    
1:14:55  
1 hora, 14 minutos e 55 segundos  
Black Friday discount up to 35 % act now or else.  No. So right now I can do not do a, a B speed. I    
1:15:05  
1 hora, 15 minutos e 5 segundos  
cannot do an AB test. I can do it with the other  email. I will do that later. What I can do,    
1:15:10  
1 hora, 15 minutos e 10 segundos  
I can make this better. So I can rephrase this  exciting Black Friday deals await you. Grab up to    
1:15:17  
1 hora, 15 minutos e 17 segundos  
35 % off this Black Friday. Sender's name is Ferdy  from European wardrobe. Send us an email address.    
1:15:32  
1 hora, 15 minutos e 32 segundos  
It's in the process of being accepted. So I can  send it from info at europeanwardrobe . com. When    
1:15:38  
1 hora, 15 minutos e 38 segundos  
people reply, I can select this one. It's still  in the process of being verified. Then there's a    
1:15:44  
1 hora, 15 minutos e 44 segundos  
preheader. When you go to Gmail, you see this  text over here, right? Now, the biggest Friday    
1:15:54  
1 hora, 15 minutos e 54 segundos  
deal is active. Something like that. Campaign  name, this is just for reference purpose only    
1:15:59  
1 hora, 15 minutos e 59 segundos  
for myself. So I can say Black Friday 2025\. 01,  the first email about it, the language is English,    
1:16:08  
1 hora, 16 minutos e 8 segundos  
I can link it to Facebook if I want to by clicking  here and then I can choose an email template    
1:16:16  
1 hora, 16 minutos e 16 segundos  
and there are a lot and they're optimized  for results. I like to use the simple one,    
1:16:22  
1 hora, 16 minutos e 22 segundos  
so let me see. If you just want to have  text, you can select one which looks    
1:16:31  
1 hora, 16 minutos e 31 segundos  
a little bit flat, so let me see. Let's say  promote products for instance, I can select one,    
1:16:40  
1 hora, 16 minutos e 40 segundos  
I can get rid of a lot of areas, so this one.  this one, I like the logo. I can go for content,    
1:16:50  
1 hora, 16 minutos e 50 segundos  
pull down a bit and drag this on over here. I can  get rid of this. So here I can write text. Hey,    
1:17:02  
1 hora, 17 minutos e 2 segundos  
and then I can do the first name, but sometimes  people sign up and they don't have a first name.    
1:17:08  
1 hora, 17 minutos e 8 segundos  
So I can say there. So they'll say, Hey Ferdy,  but if they don't have a first name, because    
1:17:16  
1 hora, 17 minutos e 16 segundos  
they signed, did not sign up with the first name,  it will say, Hey there, enter, enter right now.    
1:17:23  
1 hora, 17 minutos e 23 segundos  
There is an amazing sale going on. Okay. Then  I can add a product or a button, like shop now.    
1:17:42  
1 hora, 17 minutos e 42 segundos  
I can go to the button style, change the color if  I want to. I can make it look like this. Okay. I    
1:17:52  
1 hora, 17 minutos e 52 segundos  
can go back to the left. And what I also can  do if I want to, I can add products. So this    
1:18:00  
1 hora e 18 minutos  
is so cool. I can make it personalized for the  viewer. I can go for the best selling products,    
1:18:08  
1 hora, 18 minutos e 8 segundos  
change how it looks. So right now it's like this.  I can place it below each other like that. And    
1:18:18  
1 hora, 18 minutos e 18 segundos  
automatically it will be decided which will be  shown depending on which receiver of the email    
1:18:23  
1 hora, 18 minutos e 23 segundos  
it is. or I can just promote a certain product or  a certain group of products. I can go for static    
1:18:37  
1 hora, 18 minutos e 37 segundos  
and also go for recently added products. change  how it is displayed. Okay. I can save and choose    
1:18:48  
1 hora, 18 minutos e 48 segundos  
recipients because later on, we're going to talk  about segments, like only the people that became a    
1:18:58  
1 hora, 18 minutos e 58 segundos  
member on the list in the last 14 days. So  there's so much we can do. We'll talk about   segments later. Right now, I want to send it to  everybody, four subscribers. So I can save it and    
1:19:06  
1 hora, 19 minutos e 6 segundos  
close it. Let's do that for now. And then I go  to the audience contacts. I see all the people    
1:19:13  
1 hora, 19 minutos e 13 segundos  
that will receive this. Okay. Then I can go back  to campaigns. I select this one. Take a look. It's    
1:19:21  
1 hora, 19 minutos e 21 segundos  
not yet sent. It's in draft. I click on it. I can  send a test email. I can review the campaign. I    
1:19:28  
1 hora, 19 minutos e 28 segundos  
can have a campaign booster. This is amazing. So  if people don't open the email, I can say that,    
1:19:35  
1 hora, 19 minutos e 35 segundos  
um, after 24 hours, they will get another email.  I can say, I can change this text and say the 30 %    
1:19:46  
1 hora, 19 minutos e 46 segundos  
discount is still available. So an extra  way to make people open email when you    
1:19:54  
1 hora, 19 minutos e 54 segundos  
give another title. Okay. then the settings,  settings, it's all okay. Back to the review,    
1:20:07  
1 hora, 20 minutos e 7 segundos  
all subscribers, I can change the recipients.  I can send it now or schedule it for later   based on the time zone or based on the  subscriber's time zone. So I can say that    
1:20:19  
1 hora, 20 minutos e 19 segundos  
for the subscriber, it will be sent at 4 p . m.  in the afternoon. And then based on where people    
1:20:24  
1 hora, 20 minutos e 24 segundos  
live, they will always receive it around 4 p . m.  So people from Europe will receive it earlier than    
1:20:32  
1 hora, 20 minutos e 32 segundos  
people from the United States. So I click on send  it now, send now, it's preparing the campaign for    
1:20:39  
1 hora, 20 minutos e 39 segundos  
sending. Do not close the window, it's rendering  our email. Your campaign will be sent shortly,    
1:20:47  
1 hora, 20 minutos e 47 segundos  
check its progress in campaign. So I can click  on view campaigns and then I can see it started,   but it has not sent anything. So I'll be back  in a minute and show you what happens. It's    
1:20:57  
1 hora, 20 minutos e 57 segundos  
now a few minutes later, let me refresh it. and  I see it's sent to four people and this one is    
1:21:02  
1 hora, 21 minutos e 2 segundos  
scheduled for tomorrow for people that not open  this email. So let me go to my inbox, refresh,    
1:21:11  
1 hora, 21 minutos e 11 segundos  
30 from European. Okay. Grab up, blah, blah,  blah. Right now, the biggest Black Friday deal   is active. I click on it. Hey, dried fruit  right now. There's the Black Friday. Here's a    
1:21:21  
1 hora, 21 minutos e 21 segundos  
coupon code. Of course, I need to make it in my  SureCard website. And then I see a few products    
1:21:26  
1 hora, 21 minutos e 26 segundos  
from my website based on my interest. or depends  what I chose based on what the interest is of the    
1:21:34  
1 hora, 21 minutos e 34 segundos  
most people that visited my website, but you  can also make it personal over here. So I can    
1:21:40  
1 hora, 21 minutos e 40 segundos  
shop now and I go to the shop or I can go to the  specific product. So cool. So that's how it works.    
1:21:49  
1 hora, 21 minutos e 49 segundos  
And that brings me to the following. I can go to  campaigns. I can create a new campaign and I can    
1:22:00  
1 hora e 22 minutos  
do an AB test. This is so cool because now I can  make one email. I can create email. I can Then I    
1:22:08  
1 hora, 22 minutos e 8 segundos  
can add a B version, and what it does, it makes a  copy of version A, and then I can adjust both the    
1:22:14  
1 hora, 22 minutos e 14 segundos  
subject line, the preheader, the content, and then  I can send it to a group of people based on which    
1:22:21  
1 hora, 22 minutos e 21 segundos  
one is performing better, which email will be open  more, based on that information. A winner will be   chosen, the one that performs better, and that  will be sent to the rest of my address and I can  

### **Capítulo 14: Text Message Campaign**

1:22:31  
1 hora, 22 minutos e 31 segundos  
decide how much percentage of my email list will  see this email. So let's do this, let me fill this    
1:22:37  
1 hora, 22 minutos e 37 segundos  
in. So here I have version A, I can add version B.  As you see, it's exactly the same. I can give this    
1:22:44  
1 hora, 22 minutos e 44 segundos  
a different name, version B, version B. I can edit  the content, make the background color orange,    
1:22:56  
1 hora, 22 minutos e 56 segundos  
finish editing. So I can send this, I click on  next step. And then it says you need to have at    
1:23:06  
1 hora, 23 minutos e 6 segundos  
least 10 subscribers in your email list in order  to do this. And that's totally, and that totally   makes sense. So when I would have that, then I can  say how much percent is off your whole email list    
1:23:15  
1 hora, 23 minutos e 15 segundos  
should get the test email with the AB test. So I  can say 5 % and then in that 5%, the one that's    
1:23:22  
1 hora, 23 minutos e 22 segundos  
performing better, that email will be sent to  the other 95%. And in that way, you'll have    
1:23:27  
1 hora, 23 minutos e 27 segundos  
a better conversion ratio, can help more people  and make more money. Let's go to the next option.    
1:23:34  
1 hora, 23 minutos e 34 segundos  
So we have sent an email to a whole email list. In  this case, there are not a lot of subscribers yet.    
1:23:39  
1 hora, 23 minutos e 39 segundos  
You can also send text messages. When you have a  phone number forms in your opt \-ins, you can also    
1:23:48  
1 hora, 23 minutos e 48 segundos  
send text messages. Let me show you how to set  that up and send text messages to your whole email   list. In order to send a text message campaign,  we click on create campaign and there's SMS text    
1:23:59  
1 hora, 23 minutos e 59 segundos  
message. I can click on create SMS, but I have no  phone numbers yet. How can you get those? Well,    
1:24:06  
1 hora, 24 minutos e 6 segundos  
of course, If we go to forms, we can create a form  that is including phone numbers. So in most cases,    
1:24:14  
1 hora, 24 minutos e 14 segundos  
it's multi \-step. So if I take a look at  this one, use template, okay, step two. Okay,    
1:24:27  
1 hora, 24 minutos e 27 segundos  
not your email. So what I can do, I can go for a  phone number and over here, I can make it wider.    
1:24:35  
1 hora, 24 minutos e 35 segundos  
That's how easy it is, just drag the phone  number. Let me go back, don't save this. Also,    
1:24:43  
1 hora, 24 minutos e 43 segundos  
if you go to the first one, use template, step  two, adding the phone number, that's how you can    
1:24:52  
1 hora, 24 minutos e 52 segundos  
do that. Just dragging this area, phone number  over here, and then you have this area that they    
1:24:57  
1 hora, 24 minutos e 57 segundos  
say that they can receive text messages from you.  and then I can also collect text messages. What I    
1:25:03  
1 hora, 25 minutos e 3 segundos  
can do now, I can go to audience contacts, then  I go to ferdykorpershoek . com, I click on it,    
1:25:12  
1 hora, 25 minutos e 12 segundos  
then I see everything that's happening over  here. All the activities, I just sent an email.   I can click on edit and I can add a phone number  over here. So I can search for the Netherlands,    
1:25:23  
1 hora, 25 minutos e 23 segundos  
that's where I'm from, and I can say plus 31, save  it. Okay. One more thing. It says it's yellow,    
1:25:34  
1 hora, 25 minutos e 34 segundos  
so I'm non \-subscribed. So what I can do, I can  go to audience contacts, Select myself over here,    
1:25:41  
1 hora, 25 minutos e 41 segundos  
actions, convert to subscribed, both email and  text message, I agree. Change that to subscribe,    
1:25:48  
1 hora, 25 minutos e 48 segundos  
and now I'm subscribed. Now I need to go to the  store settings, then I go to SMS, and if I want    
1:25:56  
1 hora, 25 minutos e 56 segundos  
to reach people from the United States, I need to  add my own phone number over here. I'm not from   the United States, so I cannot do this. What I can  do, I can generate a fake phone number by clicking    
1:26:06  
1 hora, 26 minutos e 6 segundos  
here. In order to verify this number, if I was  from the United States, I need to click here,    
1:26:12  
1 hora, 26 minutos e 12 segundos  
Show my first name, last name, I need to show  proof that this is my real phone number. I'm not    
1:26:19  
1 hora, 26 minutos e 19 segundos  
from the United States. so I cannot do this.  Cancel this. Now, I go to campaigns, I click    
1:26:26  
1 hora, 26 minutos e 26 segundos  
on create a new campaign, I send a text message.  Campaign name is Black Friday discount, huge Black    
1:26:40  
1 hora, 26 minutos e 40 segundos  
Friday discount. Sender's name is Ferdy and the  text message is hey, and then I make it personal.    
1:26:52  
1 hora, 26 minutos e 52 segundos  
I have a name, I do it like this, hey, right  now there is a 50, 35 % discount at European    
1:27:06  
1 hora, 27 minutos e 6 segundos  
wardrobe. Don't make this a link because  if you do so, OmniSend will change it or    
1:27:15  
1 hora, 27 minutos e 15 segundos  
you turn off shorter links. So in that case, you  can do it. European wardrobe, come. So now it's    
1:27:26  
1 hora, 27 minutos e 26 segundos  
a link. It's not changing it. The discount  coupon code is Black Friday. Happy shopping.    
1:27:42  
1 hora, 27 minutos e 42 segundos  
HPS. europeanwardrobe . com, 30, shift enter.  So here another one, image or a GIF. I want to    
1:28:10  
1 hora, 28 minutos e 10 segundos  
shorten the links. People can opt out by clicking  here or unsubscribe. It will look like this. From  

### **Capítulo 15: Push Notifications**

1:28:17  
1 hora, 28 minutos e 17 segundos  
people from another place outside of the United  States, it will look like this. Okay. I click on    
1:28:26  
1 hora, 28 minutos e 26 segundos  
next step. Okay. Who should we send this to?  All subscribers, which is only one, which is    
1:28:31  
1 hora, 28 minutos e 31 segundos  
me. Next step. Oh, let me record my phone before  it's too late. Meanwhile, I will record my phone.    
1:28:40  
1 hora, 28 minutos e 40 segundos  
It will cost me 28 cents. Review the campaign.  That will be sent from Ferdy to all subscribers,    
1:28:48  
1 hora, 28 minutos e 48 segundos  
which is only one. $0 .28. Now I can also schedule  it for later. Set now, I'm recording my phone,    
1:28:57  
1 hora, 28 minutos e 57 segundos  
view campaign, it started. So let me check my  phone, see if something is happening. I see a text    
1:29:05  
1 hora, 29 minutos e 5 segundos  
message from Ferdy. Hey Ferdy, right now there's  35 % discount with discount code Black Friday. If    
1:29:14  
1 hora, 29 minutos e 14 segundos  
I click on it, I go to the website, I can shop and  in that way I can send and receive text messages.    
1:29:22  
1 hora, 29 minutos e 22 segundos  
So we can send email campaigns, text message  campaigns and push notifications campaigns. Let   me show you how to create a push notification  campaign. Let's go for the push notification    
1:29:32  
1 hora, 29 minutos e 32 segundos  
that will appear over here when I send one. So  I click on create campaign. We need to collect    
1:29:37  
1 hora, 29 minutos e 37 segundos  
people that want to have a push notification. So  I click on push notification, connect app. So now    
1:29:45  
1 hora, 29 minutos e 45 segundos  
I go to the settings, push notification, collect  push channel subscribers. So I click on it. Now I   turn it on and in order to make it work, I need to  download this file. Then I need to go to the web    
1:29:55  
1 hora, 29 minutos e 55 segundos  
hosting provider of my website, which in my case  is SiteGround. Then I go to file manager and at my    
1:30:02  
1 hora, 30 minutos e 2 segundos  
root, so over here, I click on the arrow up, file  upload, I go to my downloads, the most recent one.    
1:30:12  
1 hora, 30 minutos e 12 segundos  
only word, it just says promo, open. Okay. Then I  click over here, I click on verify the connection.    
1:30:26  
1 hora, 30 minutos e 26 segundos  
There you go. Now I need to turn this on and  then automatically when I go to the website, so    
1:30:32  
1 hora, 30 minutos e 32 segundos  
let me go to European wardrobe, what I will see,  European wardrobe wants to show notifications,    
1:30:39  
1 hora, 30 minutos e 39 segundos  
allow. Awesome. Now it's allowed. Now, if I go  to campaigns, create a campaign. I can create    
1:30:49  
1 hora, 30 minutos e 49 segundos  
a notification saying 35 % discount. Now we'll  see how it looks over here. Title, get 35 % off.    
1:31:03  
1 hora, 31 minutos e 3 segundos  
There's the website right now. Thanks to Black  Friday, we offer 35 % discount for the next 24    
1:31:17  
1 hora, 31 minutos e 17 segundos  
hours. Destination URL is just hpseuropeanwardrobe  . com I can add an icon which I prefer or an    
1:31:29  
1 hora, 31 minutos e 29 segundos  
image. Right now we see this. How about this  one? I can upload something from my computer.    
1:31:40  
1 hora, 31 minutos e 40 segundos  
How about this one? Upload, select it, there  you go. Or an image, the same one that's really    
1:31:55  
1 hora, 31 minutos e 55 segundos  
big. So how about I leave the image. So this  is how it looks. Now, I click on next. step,  

### **Capítulo 16: Create A Segment**

1:32:06  
1 hora, 32 minutos e 6 segundos  
push subscribers only one. I click on next step.  Look at this. It doesn't matter on which website    
1:32:12  
1 hora, 32 minutos e 12 segundos  
I am. If I'm just browsing or I open my browser,  so it will be sent right now, view the campaigns.    
1:32:25  
1 hora, 32 minutos e 25 segundos  
It doesn't matter where I am. If I'm browsing  somewhere, I can see the push notification over    
1:32:29  
1 hora, 32 minutos e 29 segundos  
here. And then over here, I see it is not sent  yet. So I can refresh it. It says it started.    
1:32:40  
1 hora, 32 minutos e 40 segundos  
So I can just go to the internet, browse a little  bit. Let me log out for a moment and just wait and    
1:32:54  
1 hora, 32 minutos e 54 segundos  
then all of a sudden, I will get a notification.  There you go. How cool is that? This is another    
1:33:04  
1 hora, 33 minutos e 4 segundos  
powerful feature within OmniCenter. We're going  to talk about segments. Segments are specific    
1:33:10  
1 hora, 33 minutos e 10 segundos  
groups within your email list. They're in a group  because of certain behavior, because they're very    
1:33:16  
1 hora, 33 minutos e 16 segundos  
active on your website or when they get emails  from you, or they're not active. You can create    
1:33:22  
1 hora, 33 minutos e 22 segundos  
segments based on how much people spend on your  website. if they open your emails, if they click    
1:33:27  
1 hora, 33 minutos e 27 segundos  
on links in emails, you can link those segments to  automation. So when people enter into a specific    
1:33:33  
1 hora, 33 minutos e 33 segundos  
segment because of their behavior on your emails  and on your website, they go into a certain   segment and when they enter that segment, they  can be linked to an automation. So for instance,    
1:33:43  
1 hora, 33 minutos e 43 segundos  
you can have a segment for people that have  not bought something already for 90 days.   They haven't bought anything for 90 days on your  website. They can be added to a segment like not    
1:33:53  
1 hora, 33 minutos e 53 segundos  
bought something for the last 90 days, and then  you can create an automation that will be sent   to all the people that are in the segment not  bought something in the last 90 days. And then    
1:34:01  
1 hora, 34 minutos e 1 segundo  
you can send an email like, Hey, there's a super  discount for you because I saw that it's been a   while since you bought something. I want to give  you a gift, 20 % discount. So in that way, you can    
1:34:11  
1 hora, 34 minutos e 11 segundos  
automate your whole OmniSend account and increase  the revenue on your website. Let me show you how    
1:34:17  
1 hora, 34 minutos e 17 segundos  
we can work with segments. In order to create  segments, we go to audience and the second tab,    
1:34:24  
1 hora, 34 minutos e 24 segundos  
second item, segments. Here we can create segments  in three ways. So if I click on create segments,    
1:34:32  
1 hora, 34 minutos e 32 segundos  
you can use a template, you can create one from  scratch, and you can create one with AI. Well,    
1:34:38  
1 hora, 34 minutos e 38 segundos  
let's not talk about this feature. Of course,  we're going to talk about this feature. But first,   I want to show you how to use a template.  So as you see, you can have a segment,    
1:34:47  
1 hora, 34 minutos e 47 segundos  
add products to the cart but didn't place order,  active email subscribers, Windows shoppers,    
1:34:54  
1 hora, 34 minutos e 54 segundos  
Deal Hunters, you can even have a segment for a  certain birthday. So people get a certain message   on when it's their birthday, but then they need to  fill in when their birthday is. We don't do that    
1:35:03  
1 hora, 35 minutos e 3 segundos  
right now. There's an interesting one in active  subscribers. So let's start with a simple one,   active email subscribers. So this can look  overwhelming and that's perfectly fine.    
1:35:13  
1 hora, 35 minutos e 13 segundos  
What happens over here is what a segment does,  it's asked the question, who should be on this    
1:35:21  
1 hora, 35 minutos e 21 segundos  
list based on their behavior? So right now it  says all contacts whose subscription status    
1:35:28  
1 hora, 35 minutos e 28 segundos  
is subscribed to email, you can change that  to browse, push notification, SMS is on this    
1:35:34  
1 hora, 35 minutos e 34 segundos  
list. So right now everybody's on this list,  but then it says only the people who also have    
1:35:39  
1 hora, 35 minutos e 39 segundos  
opened a message at least one time in the last  30 days. And the medium is email. So everybody    
1:35:49  
1 hora, 35 minutos e 49 segundos  
in our email list is over here, except for the  people who have not opened a message. at least    
1:35:56  
1 hora, 35 minutos e 56 segundos  
one time in the last 30 days. So I can also change  this to two, I can change it to 60 days. So here    
1:36:03  
1 hora, 36 minutos e 3 segundos  
we can create a segment based on those filters. I  can add another filter. For now, I like this one,    
1:36:11  
1 hora, 36 minutos e 11 segundos  
save, show contacts, active email subscribers,  last 60 days. That's what I can make of it.    
1:36:24  
1 hora, 36 minutos e 24 segundos  
So when I send an email campaign or I create a new  automation, I can say that it will only be sent    
1:36:29  
1 hora, 36 minutos e 29 segundos  
to the segment active email subscribers from the  last 60 days. And that way you can automate every    
1:36:36  
1 hora, 36 minutos e 36 segundos  
single thing using OmniSend, which is amazing. So  let's go back to segments by clicking here and I    
1:36:42  
1 hora, 36 minutos e 42 segundos  
click on create a new segment. And this time I  want to go for inactive subscribers, inactive    
1:36:49  
1 hora, 36 minutos e 49 segundos  
contacts. Let's click on that. Wow. Look at this.  Everybody who is subscribed to email is in this    
1:36:57  
1 hora, 36 minutos e 57 segundos  
segment, except for the people that opted in at  least three months ago. So everybody that opted in    
1:37:07  
1 hora, 37 minutos e 7 segundos  
in the last three months is not on this list. But  after those three months, they will be added on    
1:37:12  
1 hora, 37 minutos e 12 segundos  
this list when they have at least 20 emails, when  they got 20 emails from me in the last six months,    
1:37:21  
1 hora, 37 minutos e 21 segundos  
and they have not opened a message at least  five times in the last six months, and they    
1:37:27  
1 hora, 37 minutos e 27 segundos  
have not clicked on a message at least one time  in the last six months. and they have not viewed    
1:37:34  
1 hora, 37 minutos e 34 segundos  
a page at least one time in the last six months,  and they have not ordered any product at least one    
1:37:42  
1 hora, 37 minutos e 42 segundos  
time in the last six months. OmniSend focuses on  selling things. It helps you to sell things with    
1:37:48  
1 hora, 37 minutos e 48 segundos  
WooCommerce, so you're not selling anything, you  can get rid of this one. But right now it says    
1:37:54  
1 hora, 37 minutos e 54 segundos  
people need to do all these things in order to  be added to this segment. And that's quite a lot.    
1:38:00  
1 hora e 38 minutos  
They should have received 20 emails. They should  have opened at least five emails. And from those    
1:38:06  
1 hora, 38 minutos e 6 segundos  
five emails, they should have clicked at least  one time of a link in that email, which will    
1:38:11  
1 hora, 38 minutos e 11 segundos  
probably send you to a page. So I don't need this  one because it's actually saying the same thing.    
1:38:17  
1 hora, 38 minutos e 17 segundos  
And I could also say, you know, it's also people  that have not bought a product and that's okay.   I can get rid of this one. So right now it says  everybody on my email list that is not from the    
1:38:28  
1 hora, 38 minutos e 28 segundos  
latest three months that had have received at  least 20 emails from me, have not opened five    
1:38:33  
1 hora, 38 minutos e 33 segundos  
emails and have not clicked on an email at least  once like a link in the email. Those people should    
1:38:41  
1 hora, 38 minutos e 41 segundos  
be saved to this inactive content list. So I save  it. I call this one in active content. after or    
1:38:48  
1 hora, 38 minutos e 48 segundos  
contacts after three months, save it. Awesome.  So what I can do, I can create a automation    
1:39:00  
1 hora e 39 minutos  
saying that everybody that has not been active,  there's an inactive subscriber after three months,   they should be added on the automation where  they can receive an email with extra discount    
1:39:10  
1 hora, 39 minutos e 10 segundos  
to make them active again. And as soon as they  open more than five emails or they click on    
1:39:16  
1 hora, 39 minutos e 16 segundos  
one link in one of those 20 emails, They will  not be on this list anymore. So a segment can    
1:39:22  
1 hora, 39 minutos e 22 segundos  
automatically be filled with contacts and contacts  can also be removed when they become active again,    
1:39:28  
1 hora, 39 minutos e 28 segundos  
based on these filters. So what else? Again, we  can go to segments. You can take a look at all the    
1:39:37  
1 hora, 39 minutos e 37 segundos  
templates there are. There's even a template or  yeah, you can also create one from scratch. Let's   create one from scratch in a minute. Over here,  there's first time buyers. So people that buy  

### **Capítulo 17: Segment From Scratch**

1:39:45  
1 hora, 39 minutos e 45 segundos  
something for the first time, they can be added  to an automation. We can create a segment and   then they will be added to an automation and that  automation can send an email after 20 days saying,    
1:39:54  
1 hora, 39 minutos e 54 segundos  
hey, thank you for buying the product a few weeks  ago. I hope you like the product to reward you for    
1:40:02  
1 hora, 40 minutos e 2 segundos  
being a customer. Here is 20 % off for the next  purchase, something like that. So subscription    
1:40:08  
1 hora, 40 minutos e 8 segundos  
status is subscribed to email, browser push  notification and text message. they have placed at    
1:40:13  
1 hora, 40 minutos e 13 segundos  
least one order in the last 30 days and they have  not placed a second order. So they only place one    
1:40:20  
1 hora, 40 minutos e 20 segundos  
order in the last 30 days. So when people fall in  that segment, you can create an automation that's    
1:40:26  
1 hora, 40 minutos e 26 segundos  
sending an email saying, Hey, I want to give you  a discount for your second purchase. So let's save    
1:40:34  
1 hora, 40 minutos e 34 segundos  
that first time buyers. Awesome. So that's how you  can create things using templates. How about the    
1:40:42  
1 hora, 40 minutos e 42 segundos  
next one? We create a segment and we create one  from scratch. So we use a template right now, we    
1:40:50  
1 hora, 40 minutos e 50 segundos  
can also create segments from scratch. Let me show  you how we can do that. I'll start with the first    
1:40:55  
1 hora, 40 minutos e 55 segundos  
filter and that is always in my case, subscription  status is subscribed to email. So I focus on    
1:41:02  
1 hora, 41 minutos e 2 segundos  
people from my email list, not from text messages  or the push notifications. So now everybody is    
1:41:07  
1 hora, 41 minutos e 7 segundos  
included in this segment and now I need to narrow  it down using a filter. Look at this, how many    
1:41:12  
1 hora, 41 minutos e 12 segundos  
filters there are based on their birthday, date  of addition, email address, gender. So you can    
1:41:21  
1 hora, 41 minutos e 21 segundos  
send something only to the men or to the women, if  they fill in those details in their opt \-in form,    
1:41:27  
1 hora, 41 minutos e 27 segundos  
of course. But also really interesting, if you  take a look at orders, this is so powerful. So you    
1:41:33  
1 hora, 41 minutos e 33 segundos  
can say that people that ordered for five times.  So they placed an order, let's say order fulfilled    
1:41:42  
1 hora, 41 minutos e 42 segundos  
at least five times. So they already made a  purchase on my website five times. I can say    
1:41:50  
1 hora, 41 minutos e 50 segundos  
safe. And I call this one VIP buyers. Okay. What  I can do now, I can go to campaigns. I can create    
1:42:03  
1 hora, 42 minutos e 3 segundos  
a new campaign. Let's do an email campaign. Of  course I can, I can change all this information,    
1:42:16  
1 hora, 42 minutos e 16 segundos  
new products. I can show those products for  the VIPs. So you know how to create something    
1:42:22  
1 hora, 42 minutos e 22 segundos  
like this. Let me go over here. And now instead  of sending this to everyone, I can send it to a    
1:42:28  
1 hora, 42 minutos e 28 segundos  
segment and I can send it to the VIPs. So all the  people that have bought something on my website,    
1:42:34  
1 hora, 42 minutos e 34 segundos  
placed an order or fulfilled an order at least  five times, they get this special email. But    
1:42:40  
1 hora, 42 minutos e 40 segundos  
what else can you do? This is so powerful. If you  start to combine this automations, I can create a    
1:42:47  
1 hora, 42 minutos e 47 segundos  
new workflow, create one from scratch. And this  workflow, how does it need to be triggered? Look    
1:42:56  
1 hora, 42 minutos e 56 segundos  
at this. I can search for a segment, entered a  segment. The segment is VIP buyers. Save. So now    
1:43:06  
1 hora, 43 minutos e 6 segundos  
when people have ordered something for the fifth  time, I can say, okay, the five days after they    
1:43:16  
1 hora, 43 minutos e 16 segundos  
bought something for the fifth time on my website,  I can send them a text message or I can send them    
1:43:21  
1 hora, 43 minutos e 21 segundos  
an email and that email can be something like,  hey, I see that you're already, okay. Let's say,    
1:43:29  
1 hora, 43 minutos e 29 segundos  
hey, I can say, hey, here's a special discount  because I appreciate you so much. And now look    
1:43:38  
1 hora, 43 minutos e 38 segundos  
at this. Remember a B testing over here and drag  this one here to a, I can make a duplication. So    
1:43:48  
1 hora, 43 minutos e 48 segundos  
now my VIPs get a 50 % of the VIPs get this  email, 50 % get this email. And that way you    
1:43:54  
1 hora, 43 minutos e 54 segundos  
can optimize every single thing with an OmniSend.  So as soon as people made their fifth purchase in  

### **Capítulo 18: Segments With AI**

1:44:00  
1 hora e 44 minutos  
my WooCommerce website, after five days, they  will get one of those emails, save and close.    
1:44:08  
1 hora, 44 minutos e 8 segundos  
Let's start a workflow and let's rename this VIPs  with five purchases. And I can make it as long as    
1:44:22  
1 hora, 44 minutos e 22 segundos  
I want. We talked about the automations. So let  me change everything or save everything. So when    
1:44:30  
1 hora, 44 minutos e 30 segundos  
you start to combine segments with automations,  man, you get a lot of people to your website,    
1:44:37  
1 hora, 44 minutos e 37 segundos  
everything will run on autopilot. And then over  here in the dashboard at overview, you can see how    
1:44:42  
1 hora, 44 minutos e 42 segundos  
much you make with sure card on itself. And then  you can see what is added. Thanks to OmniSend. So,    
1:44:50  
1 hora, 44 minutos e 50 segundos  
and I hope this number will be really big for you.  So let's go back to automation, sorry, to audience    
1:44:57  
1 hora, 44 minutos e 57 segundos  
segments, create a segment, and we can also use  AI. There's also a new feature. I can create    
1:45:06  
1 hora, 45 minutos e 6 segundos  
segments with AI. Let's try it out. So in order  to create a custom segment with AI, I can just    
1:45:13  
1 hora, 45 minutos e 13 segundos  
type here. It says, for instance, contacts who  have been active for over six months, but haven't    
1:45:17  
1 hora, 45 minutos e 17 segundos  
purchased anything in the last three months.  So I can also say contacts that have not opened    
1:45:27  
1 hora, 45 minutos e 27 segundos  
more than three emails. the last 60 days. Enter.  It's reading my prompt, it's setting smart rules,    
1:45:41  
1 hora, 45 minutos e 41 segundos  
and then it says, this is how it would look. I can  feel the segment in the builder. So there it is,    
1:45:46  
1 hora, 45 minutos e 46 segundos  
all contacts who have not opened exactly three  times or at least three times in the last 60 days.    
1:45:57  
1 hora, 45 minutos e 57 segundos  
So I can make a segment. If I save the segment, I  can rename it. What else? Go to segments, create a    
1:46:09  
1 hora, 46 minutos e 9 segundos  
segment. contacts that have not purchased anything  ever on my website. View a segment in builder,    
1:46:25  
1 hora, 46 minutos e 25 segundos  
all contacts have not placed order exactly or at  least one time in total. Save it, never purchased.    
1:46:35  
1 hora, 46 minutos e 35 segundos  
Okay. Let's go for a more in \-depth one. Create  a segment using AI, all contacts that made a sale    
1:46:50  
1 hora, 46 minutos e 50 segundos  
in the past, but have not made any sale in the  last three months. I don't know if it's more in    
1:46:59  
1 hora, 46 minutos e 59 segundos  
\-depth how many rules there will be created. Did  the context view any product page recently? No,    
1:47:09  
1 hora, 47 minutos e 9 segundos  
just made a purchase. Let's see if it understands  what I'm meaning. It's sending smart rules. If it    
1:47:19  
1 hora, 47 minutos e 19 segundos  
says that, then you know that no more questions  will be asked and that something will appear over    
1:47:25  
1 hora, 47 minutos e 25 segundos  
here. that we can see in the builder. Okay. So it  says all content have placed an order at least one    
1:47:33  
1 hora, 47 minutos e 33 segundos  
time in total, or have not placed order at least  this should be. And so sometimes it needs to be    
1:47:42  
1 hora, 47 minutos e 42 segundos  
refined. It's in beta. So on all contacts that  have bought something ever in my website, but not  

### **Capítulo 19: Reports**

1:47:50  
1 hora, 47 minutos e 50 segundos  
in the last three months, that can be a segment.  So I can say no buyers, but not in the last    
1:48:00  
1 hora e 48 minutos  
three months. Save it. So I've shown you three  ways, how to create segments from a template,    
1:48:07  
1 hora, 48 minutos e 7 segundos  
from scratch and from AI. And as I said, with  campaigns, you can send it to a certain segment,    
1:48:13  
1 hora, 48 minutos e 13 segundos  
but with automation, when you combine automations  with segments, that is so powerful. So again,    
1:48:21  
1 hora, 48 minutos e 21 segundos  
I can create one from scratch. I can trigger it  by going for a segment, enter a segment and the    
1:48:30  
1 hora, 48 minutos e 30 segundos  
segment can be inactive or contact not opened.  Buyers but not in the last three months, save it.    
1:48:41  
1 hora, 48 minutos e 41 segundos  
So people that have not bought something for three  months, they can get an email with anything I want    
1:48:47  
1 hora, 48 minutos e 47 segundos  
and I can do split testing, A, B testing, delays.  This is super powerful. I've said it a few times,    
1:48:53  
1 hora, 48 minutos e 53 segundos  
but there are a lot of things within OmniSend that  are super powerful. I hope you're still having   fun. If you have fun, please like the video. Feel  free to subscribe for more upcoming WordPress    
1:49:02  
1 hora, 49 minutos e 2 segundos  
related tutorials on how to make websites that  can generate you money. And if you want to leave   a comment, you can leave a comment. Right now, I  want to take a look at reports. So when everything    
1:49:10  
1 hora, 49 minutos e 10 segundos  
is up and running, people get emails, there are  reports and statistics. So you can see how well    
1:49:16  
1 hora, 49 minutos e 16 segundos  
everything is performing. Let me show you or walk  you through all the reports there are. In order   to see an overview of what is going on in your  OmniSend account and your webshop, you can go    
1:49:26  
1 hora, 49 minutos e 26 segundos  
to the overview. Here you see how much revenue is  generated from OmniSend, from email sent through    
1:49:32  
1 hora, 49 minutos e 32 segundos  
OmniSend or text messages or push notifications.  Here you see the total revenue from your webshop    
1:49:37  
1 hora, 49 minutos e 37 segundos  
from the last 30 days. You can change it. You  can change the way how it is displayed. So today,    
1:49:47  
1 hora, 49 minutos e 47 segundos  
$720 not through OmniSend, but over here. $85  through OmniSend. So normally when people go    
1:49:54  
1 hora, 49 minutos e 54 segundos  
to your web shop, they go to your website, they  navigate, they want to buy a few things and then    
1:50:00  
1 hora e 50 minutos  
they close the website. But if they are signed up  and they get emails and then they buy something,   then it will be from OmniSend. So OmniSend helps  you to get more revenue. Here we see the audience    
1:50:11  
1 hora, 50 minutos e 11 segundos  
growth, both with email subscribers and text  message subscribers from the last 30 days. You    
1:50:17  
1 hora, 50 minutos e 17 segundos  
can also change it over here. And if I go up, you  can click on view reports. If you do that, you go    
1:50:24  
1 hora, 50 minutos e 24 segundos  
to reports, sales, you see actually the same thing  for sales, but more information over here, revenue    
1:50:29  
1 hora, 50 minutos e 29 segundos  
place per order from OmniSend, not from OmniSend.  Again, last 30 days, how much from campaigns,    
1:50:38  
1 hora, 50 minutos e 38 segundos  
how much from automation, channel performance,  how much money have you made through email,   text messages and push notifications. So  the more subscribers you get, the more text    
1:50:48  
1 hora, 50 minutos e 48 segundos  
message subscribers, the more push notification  subscribers. the more information will be shown    
1:50:54  
1 hora, 50 minutos e 54 segundos  
over here and you see what is working and what is  not working. Then we can go to the campaigns, see    
1:51:00  
1 hora e 51 minutos  
statistics and reports about the campaigns. There  are three campaigns right now I've sent and I    
1:51:06  
1 hora, 51 minutos e 6 segundos  
can see the open rate, the click rate, the placed  order rate, the revenue, the filled delivery rate    
1:51:12  
1 hora, 51 minutos e 12 segundos  
marked as spam, the unsubscriber So you can see  if you send an email, a lot of people unsubscribe,    
1:51:18  
1 hora, 51 minutos e 18 segundos  
maybe next time you should send it a little bit  different. When you upgrade, you get advanced    
1:51:23  
1 hora, 51 minutos e 23 segundos  
reports. Let's go to automation. You see sales  through automation, the amount of placed orders,    
1:51:33  
1 hora, 51 minutos e 33 segundos  
message sent in total, it can send up to 500  messages per month for the free version. And if    
1:51:39  
1 hora, 51 minutos e 39 segundos  
you want to know more about specific information  about a certain workflow, I can click over here    
1:51:46  
1 hora, 51 minutos e 46 segundos  
and I get more information. an overview, messages  sent, the open rate, the click \-through rate,    
1:51:52  
1 hora, 51 minutos e 52 segundos  
place order rate based on those automations, the  channel performance, some statistics, here are    
1:52:00  
1 hora e 52 minutos  
the emails that are sent, the messages and I can  click on it. Then we have the forms, which form  

### **Capítulo 20: Thank You**

1:52:13  
1 hora, 52 minutos e 13 segundos  
is performing better, 55 views, 11 views, 16 .3  % interactions, submission rate. So here you can    
1:52:23  
1 hora, 52 minutos e 23 segundos  
see those statistics. If you click on it, you get  more information. You can see how the A \-B tests    
1:52:28  
1 hora, 52 minutos e 28 segundos  
were performing. Then the deliverability with  emails, with text messages and then that's why    
1:52:43  
1 hora, 52 minutos e 43 segundos  
it's important to make sure that if we go to the  store settings, domains, our domain gets accepted    
1:52:53  
1 hora, 52 minutos e 53 segundos  
so we can start using this one as our sender  address and not the temporary one. I open my DNS    
1:53:02  
1 hora, 53 minutos e 2 segundos  
records, this is still not verified. I can click  over here to see if it's verified, it can take up    
1:53:08  
1 hora, 53 minutos e 8 segundos  
to 48\. hours. Okay. So that's it about reports. I  think it's amazing that we're still making use of    
1:53:18  
1 hora, 53 minutos e 18 segundos  
the free version of OmniSent. The free version  has a lot of features and at the same time,   it's a little bit limited. Otherwise there will be  no difference between the free version and the pro    
1:53:27  
1 hora, 53 minutos e 27 segundos  
version. So let me show you what is possible when  you upgrade to one of the paid versions. The great    
1:53:33  
1 hora, 53 minutos e 33 segundos  
thing is that almost all features in the free  version of OmniSend are available. I'm talking   about campaigns, automations, form, segments,  reports. So we can start to make money using the    
1:53:44  
1 hora, 53 minutos e 44 segundos  
free version of OmniSend. What is the limitation?  Well, first of all, if you go to forms and one of    
1:53:52  
1 hora, 53 minutos e 52 segundos  
the forms, it can be that you see powered by  OmniSend below that form and also by campaigns    
1:53:59  
1 hora, 53 minutos e 59 segundos  
and messages. And if you click over here, you see  per month, you can have 500 free emails. There are    
1:54:06  
1 hora, 54 minutos e 6 segundos  
483 left. Here's a free refill in 15 days. And if  you want to upgrade, you get more reports. You can    
1:54:13  
1 hora, 54 minutos e 13 segundos  
send a lot more emails. Right now, it seems like,  okay, this is fine. But if you get like 100 people    
1:54:19  
1 hora, 54 minutos e 19 segundos  
in your email list, in your automation, and you  have five emails in your automation, quite fast,   you'll reach 500 emails. If you want to upgrade,  you can click over here on view your plans,    
1:54:28  
1 hora, 54 minutos e 28 segundos  
or you can click over here on upgrade with 30  % off. That sounds interesting. There are free    
1:54:34  
1 hora, 54 minutos e 34 segundos  
plans. The free plan the standard plan and the pro  plan. Well, let's take a look at the standard plan    
1:54:39  
1 hora, 54 minutos e 39 segundos  
and the pro plan. With the standard plan, $11 .20  per month with 30 % discounts, you can reach up    
1:54:47  
1 hora, 54 minutos e 47 segundos  
to 500 contacts. When you reach that, then you're  on a roll, things are going great, then you can   always upgrade later for more contacts. This  is what it starts with and when you get this,    
1:54:57  
1 hora, 54 minutos e 57 segundos  
you can send 18 ,000 emails per billing cycle.  If you would go for the pro plan, you pay    
1:55:02  
1 hora, 55 minutos e 2 segundos  
$41 .30 per month and then you also get a customer  success manager and personalized content add \-ons.    
1:55:09  
1 hora, 55 minutos e 9 segundos  
And as I said, you can always upgrade later. So I  can click on choose this plan. I continue to the    
1:55:15  
1 hora, 55 minutos e 15 segundos  
billing information. I need to fill in the details  of my company. If you don't have one, just call   your website like ferdy . com. Fill in your VAT  number, so you don't have to pay the taxes, the    
1:55:25  
1 hora, 55 minutos e 25 segundos  
added taxes. I click on save, add a credit card.  I click on add card, continue. Confirm and pay.    
1:55:35  
1 hora, 55 minutos e 35 segundos  
So for three months, just $33 .60. And I hope in  those three months, you'll make that money back.    
1:55:42  
1 hora, 55 minutos e 42 segundos  
Congrats on upgrading to the standard plan. Click  on continue. Awesome. And now I can send 18 ,000    
1:55:49  
1 hora, 55 minutos e 49 segundos  
emails per billing cycle. So that's every three  months. So 6 ,000 emails per month. Awesome.    
1:55:57  
1 hora, 55 minutos e 57 segundos  
And now if I go to automation or I go to forms,  one of those forms, this one OmniCenter logo,    
1:56:07  
1 hora, 56 minutos e 7 segundos  
the OmniCenter branding is gone. How cool is that?  I want to thank you for watching this video. I    
1:56:14  
1 hora, 56 minutos e 14 segundos  
hope you'll learn a ton of stuff and it will help  you to make more revenue with your website. Good   luck with the website you make. Jesus loves you.  He has a plan for your life and I wish you the    
1:56:23  
1 hora, 56 minutos e 23 segundos  
best in everything you do. Feel free to like the  video, feel free to subscribe and God bless you    
1:56:29  
1 hora, 56 minutos e 29 segundos  
and see you in the next video or not. Actually,  I don't see you but you will see me. It's not    
1:56:36  
1 hora, 56 minutos e 36 segundos  
actually me. It's It are pixels with audio waves  that look like they are me, but they are not me    
1:56:43  
1 hora, 56 minutos e 43 segundos  
because right now I'm laying on the beach with a  cocktail. Maybe not. I don't know. I like to make   weird endings in my videos. So that's, I think  I did a great job with that. Good luck and ciao.  
Sincronizar com o momento do vídeo

